App Id,Category,Result,Error Message,Version Code
com.samsung.knox.securefolder,BUSINESS,False,,
com.sec.app.samsungprintservice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.samsung.android.email.provider,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.dropbox.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.google.android.calculator,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.samsung.android.mobileservice,TOOLS,False,,
com.lenovo.anyshare.gps,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sec.android.app.shealth,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,,
com.google.android.ims,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sec.android.gallery3d,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,,
flipboard.boxer.app,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.kiloo.subwaysurf,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.snapchat.android,SOCIAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zhiliaoapp.musically,SOCIAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.miui.player,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
com.sec.android.app.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
us.zoom.videomeetings,BUSINESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.linkedin.android,BUSINESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.contextlogic.wish,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.touchtype.swiftkey,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.hp.android.printservice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.imangi.templerun2,GAME_ACTION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fungames.sniper3d,GAME_ACTION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.miniclip.eightballpool,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.mytalkingtomfree,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
me.pou.app,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.mytalkingangelafree,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.huawei.KoBackup,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mi.android.globalFileexplorer,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.xiaomi.midrop,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.samsung.android.app.watchmanager,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.huawei.hwdetectrepair,TOOLS,False,,
com.huawei.phoneservice,TOOLS,False,,
com.huawei.hwid,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.hicloud.android.clone,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mi.android.globalminusscreen,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
video.like,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.truecaller,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.samsung.android.oneconnect,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.huawei.android.thememanager,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.ludo.king,GAME_BOARD,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.imangi.templerun,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.halfbrick.fruitninjafree,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fingersoft.hillclimb,GAME_RACING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.miui.weather2,WEATHER,False,,
com.supercell.clashofclans,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dywx.larkplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.com.rodrigokolb.realdrum,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.afmobi.boomplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fundevs.app.mediaconverter,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bsbportal.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gaana,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.atomic.apps.ringtone.cutter,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.agminstruments.drumpadmachine,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.amazon.mp3,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.soundcloud.android,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.smule.singandroid,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
media.music.musicplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.springwalk.mediaconverter,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sofeh.android.musicstudio3,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gamestar.perfectpiano,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,'Item not found.',
com.sonyericsson.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
com.asus.ia.asusapp,BUSINESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mobisystems.office,BUSINESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.google.android.apps.navlite,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.google.android.apps.mapslite,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.whereismytrain.android,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.phonepe.app,FINANCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.one97.paytm,FINANCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.paypal.android.p2pmobile,FINANCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
ru.sberbankmobile,FINANCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.samsung.sree,EDUCATION,False,,
com.youdao.hindict,EDUCATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sweetfuirt.candy,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.game5mobile.lineandwater,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bitmango.rolltheballunrollme,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.app.rescuecut,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.king.candycrushjellysaga,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.lionstudios.mrbullet,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
roll.unblock.ball.block.puzzle,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.disney.wheresmywater2_goo,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bigduckgames.flow,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zeptolab.ctr.ads,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.playrix.fishdomdd.gplay,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.water.balls,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.differencetenderwhite.skirt,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.europosit.pixelcoloring,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mind.quiz.brain.out,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.supertapx.lovedots,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.shootbubble.bubbledexlue,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.lazada.android,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.alibaba.aliexpresshd,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mercadolibre,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
club.fromfactory,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.shopee.id,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.olx.southasia,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zzkko,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.schibsted.bomnegocio.androidApp,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.groupon,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.snapdeal.main,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tubemote.app,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingben,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.scee.psxandroid,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingtom2free,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ismaker.android.simsimi,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.forthblue.pool,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
eu.nordeus.topeleven.android,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cricbuzz.android,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingtom,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.appstar.callrecorder,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.drweb,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.avast.android.mobilesecurity,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.flipkart.android,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
cn.wps.moffice_eng,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ecareme.asuswebstorage,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.att.myWireless,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gau.go.launcherex,PERSONALIZATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.whatsapp.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jb.gokeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.angrybirdsseasons,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bestcoolfungames.antsmasher,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.natenai.glowhockey,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.angrybirds,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.audible.application,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.imo.android.imoimbeta,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jb.gosms,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.uc.browser.en,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tumblr,SOCIAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.application.zomato,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.droidhen.game.racingmoto,GAME_RACING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.creativemobile.DragRacing,GAME_RACING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.badoo.mobile,DATING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.hulu.plus,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bt.bms,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
hu.tonuzaba.android,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.kiragames.unblockmefree,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nextwave.wcc_lt,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.game.JewelsStar,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.com.vivo,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
goldenshorestechnologies.brightestflashlight.free,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.symantec.mobilesecurity,TOOLS,False,,
com.att.android.attsmartwifi,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sp.protector.free,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.a0soft.gphone.app2sd,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tmobile.vvm.application,TOOLS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zinio.mobile.android.reader,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cisco.webex.meetings,BUSINESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ttech.android.onlineislem,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.olx.olx,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.walmart.android,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nhn.android.nmap,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.trivago,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.com.bb.android,FINANCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.devexpert.weather,WEATHER,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bti.myPiano,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.beatronik.djstudiodemo,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.musixmatch.android.lyrify,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gamestar.pianoperfect,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
com.zynga.livepoker,GAME_CARD,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.alarmclock.xtreme.free,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.wsandroid.suite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
fishnoodle.koipond_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.natenai.glowhockey2,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gameresort.stupidzombies,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gamecircus.PrizeClaw,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nhn.android.search,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.life360.android.safetymapd,LIFESTYLE,False,,
Com.sktelecom.minit,LIFESTYLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.lguplus.mobile.cs,LIFESTYLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.loudtalks,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
ru.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.verizon.messaging.vzmsgs,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.icq.mobile.client,COMMUNICATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.myfitnesspal.android,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,,
com.androvid,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.leftover.CoinDozer,GAME_CASINO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
uk.co.aifactory.chessfree,GAME_BOARD,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.skout.android,SOCIAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.oovoo,SOCIAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.myyearbook.m,SOCIAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sinyee.babybus.care,GAME_EDUCATIONAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mt.mtxx.mtxx,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jiinfeng3d.bfrdemo,GAME_ACTION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zynga.words,GAME_WORD,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.skmnc.gifticon,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.TWCableTV,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.scannerradio,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.cj.cjhv.gs.tving,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
mk.g6.crackyourscreen,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cgv.android.movieapp,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
