App Id,Category,Result,Error Message,Version Code
Com.sktelecom.minit,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
Uxpp.UC,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ace.jun.simplecontrol,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
acr.browser.raisebrowserfull,COMMUNICATION,True,,118
aegean.secretnotepad,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ahzproapp.carreirabeauty.com.ahz_pro,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.air.make.city.idle.build.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.EXswap.Mindomo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.FDGEntertainment.Lonewolf.gp,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.RustyLake.CubeEscapeParadox,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.begamer.adamandeve,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
air.com.ber.escapetheprison,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.fungamesmobile.escapeimpossiblerevenge,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.pixelfederation.diggy,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.tinychat.mobile,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.wheelie,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.wheelie8,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
air.com.winkypinky.violetmyvirtualhome,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
all.in.one.calculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
am.SD.Card.Repair,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
am.usb.audiovideo.player,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
am.usb.camera.endoscope,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
am.usb.data.formatter,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
amplified.bible.free.OFFLINE,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
and.mms.ezhuthani,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
and.p2l,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ang.dating.daan.bible,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
anime.wallpapers.besthd,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
anuj.wifidirect,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
app.buzz.share,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.buzz.share.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.cobo.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.com.asn.meuzapzap,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.cybrook.trackview,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.diaryfree,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.follow.unfollow,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.locker.fingerprint.applock.lockapps,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.manoth.fahsai,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.melon.icompass,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.name200.com,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.qrcode,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.quantum.supdate,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.sarhne.com,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.source.getcontact,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
app.story.craftystudio.shortstory,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.trell,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
app.zenly.locator,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
appiz.textonvideo.animated.animatedtext,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
appsgamesinc.translatordictionary,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
appymaker.argentfacile,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ar.com.basejuegos.simplealarm,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ar.com.personal,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ar.gob.argentinagobar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
artline.com.galaxy,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
arvoredelivros.com.br.arvore,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
asuk.com.android.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
at.tomtasche.reader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
au.com.phil.minedemo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
avm.androiddukkan.ism,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
awesome.wallpapers.for.android,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bage.image2pdf,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bansi.livemobile.tracker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
battle.royale.wallpapers.hd,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bazinga.historyclean,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
best.status.quotes.whatsapp,LIFESTYLE,True,,26
bestringtones2020.newringtones2021.popularringtones2022,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bharat.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bible.en.francais.COURANT,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
biblia.almeida.revista.e.corrigida,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
biblia.de.ESTUDIO,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
biblia.de.estudos.gratis.para.jovens,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
biggiant.prisonescape,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bigprofilephoto.bigprofilepicture,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
biz.binarysolutions.signature,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
biz.trans,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
blackart.leddigiclock.livewp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bldg.crafting.explore.survival.parablum,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
borderLight.LEDColor.live.Wallpaper.freeborderlight.edgescreen.edgelighting.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.android.receita,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.abacomm.embratel.nonodigito,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.casamentos.launcher,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.correios.preatendimento,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.cybercook.receitas,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.delxmobile.cpflite,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.mobicare.oiwifi,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.timbrasil.meutim,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
br.com.uol.batepapo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.vivo,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.com.vivo.vivoeasy,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.ba.sacdigital,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.caixa.bolsafamilia,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.caixa.trabalhador,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.dataprev.carteiradigital,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.dataprev.meuinss,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.mds.cadastrounico,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.pr.celepar.sefa.nfparana,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.serpro.cnhe,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.gov.sinesp.cidadao.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.jus.tse.eleitoral.etitulo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
br.jus.tse.resultados,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
braveheart.apps.apkinstaller,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bravoo.instagramdownloader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
browser4g.fast.internetwebexplorer,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
buba.electric.mobileelectrician,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
bubble.escape,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
by.mts.client,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ca.bell.selfserve.mybellmobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ca.virginmobile.myaccount.virginmobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
calc.gallery.lock,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
call.free.international.phone.call,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
call.name.announcer,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
call.recoderapk,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
call.recorder.automatic.acr,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
call.sms.flash.alert,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
caller.id.phone.number.block,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
callerid.truecaller.trackingnumber.phonenumbertracker.block,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
callername.truecaller.callerid.mobile.number.phonenumberlocator,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
callid.name.announcer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cam.light.android,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
camscanner.documentscanner.pdfreader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
canvasm.myo2,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cars.screen.lock.wallpaper,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cgg.gov.ghmc,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ch.smalltech.battery.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ch.zhaw.facerecognition,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
champ.cash.com,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
chat.amor,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
chat.hack.hackchat,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
chat.meme.inke,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
chatel.aipp,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
city.urban.stories.tips,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
cjvg.santabiblia,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cl.entel.appswlsdesa,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cl.wom.transformacion.appwommobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cleanmaster.phone.memory.booster.cleaner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
clr.rksoftware.com.autocomment,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cm.clean.master.cleaner.booster.cpu.cooler,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cmm.cjq20130603.lion.sun,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cmm.cjq20130603.nature.road,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cn.jimex.cnt,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
cn.orangelab.werewolf,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
cn.wps.moffice_eng,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cn.wps.moffice_i18n,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cn.xiaofengkj.fitpro,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.benx.weverse,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.happybits.marcopolo,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.irl.android,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
co.kr.sonky.mirror,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.pamobile.gamelauncher,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.sada9a,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
co.snaptee.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.speechnotes.speechnotes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.spoonme,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.tamatem.awadcar,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.tamatem.hazalhadeedtatweef,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
co.yellw.yellowapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
codesortie.typedroid,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
colection.wallpaper.hd,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
color.dev.com.whatsremoved,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.AminatoDev.Yabanat,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.AnderK.WheelScale,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.AndroidRingtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.AngleApp.BomDiaTardeNoiteSemanaAmor,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.AppRocks.now.prayer,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.AquariumLiveWallpapernn,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.AquariumLiveWallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ArtSoft.BalanceBall,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Asteroid.droneremotecontrol,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BatteryUseStatus,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BeachLiveWallpaperHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BeautiFunGames.Nihilumbra,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BeerMoneyGames.Demolition2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BirthdayCountdown,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BlackFoxEntertainment.DriftLegends,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BlackWallpaper.bullandro,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BlissGames.Juego23,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BluTurtleGames.HorrorSurvival,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BrutusGames.jocul2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.BrutusGames.mobila,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ButterflyLiveWallpaperHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CConctOOrrr.PpPhOOnNE.tTvvvTV,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CactusGames.ClashOfCrime,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CactusGames.ClashOfCrime2,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.CalendarMonthlyStyle,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CaptainDevTeam.YellowBeeTalkChat,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.CarWallpapersApp.AudiWallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.CarXTech.CarXDriftRacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CarXTech.CarXDriftRacingFull,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CarXTech.highWay,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ChinaMobile,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.Chorrus.SuperOscar,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.CikletGames.PokeGOFight,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Cpa.Cute.Butterfly.Emoji.Keyboard,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.CrazyDev.HashiriyaDrifter,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Custom.Keyboard.Color.Changer,PERSONALIZATION,True,,24
com.DS.DDS,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.DanVogt.DATAWING,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.DefaultCompany.SCPSirenHead,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.DenisLapiner.MultiplatformRuntimeLevelEditor,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.DiamondHeartsLiveWallpaperHDHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Dollhouse.Games.For.Girls,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.DubaiNightLiveWallpaperHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.EG.LACrimeStories4,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.EG.MC3,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Earthkwak.Platformer,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,29
com.Etira.JustDrift,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.FanaeiGameStudio.Game41148,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.FireworksliveWallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.FiveUpreme.Site19,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.FluffyHeartsLiveWallpaperHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.GS.Superhero.Tricky.bikerace.kidsgames,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.GS.Superhero.carracing.extreme.speedstunts,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Garden.wallpaper.flowerwallpaper.flowergarden.forestwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.GezegenSfot.AtesveSuKacmaOyunu,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.GjIFapp.kharouf,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.GlowingFlowersLiveWallpaperHDHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.GodLiveWallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Gseeds.JekyllAndHyde,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.HAapp.Lawyer,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.HTpixelstudio.warhip.fury.warships.blitz.navy.helicopter.gunship,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.HirayaSpace.SevenYears,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.IMStudio.PocketRallyLite,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Ice.Princess.Doll.House,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Ice.Princess.Doll.House.Design.PGA,LIFESTYLE,True,,5
com.IceStorm.DragBattle,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Ilock.Ios10.Iphonelockscreen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Instrumental.Music.Ringtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Interactive707.VoxelCraft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.JXY.offroadhillracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.JanRaacke.DiveVulcanoVRDemo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.JournalWithLock.SecretDiary.DreamDiary,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.KidsGames.SuperHippo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.KidsGames.SuperHippo2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.LoveCalculatorScannerTest,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.MacrosFlash.AdventureinTemple,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MantisGames.FormulaUnlimitedFREE,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Mas40.QC,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MegaJoy.PrisonBreak68,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MegaJoy.Rescue,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MiANSES,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MicroFuture.VoiceInput,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MobimiGames.CarDrivingSimulator2018UltimateDrift,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MobimiGames.CarSimulator2018,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MobimiGames.ESCarSimulator2019,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.MobimiGames.FuriousCarDriving,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Nano.My.Photo.Custom.Keyboard,LIFESTYLE,True,,12
com.NoonDate,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.OppanaGames.RussianCars8,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.OppanaGames.RussianCarsPriora,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.PSVGamestudio.PranksterDjy,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.PSVStudio.BirthdayParty,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.PSVStudio.HippoBabyBall,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Pad.tvapp,LIFESTYLE,True,,71
com.Pet.House.Games.Girls,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.PhotoVideoMaker.Videoeditor.gifeditor.musicsnaps.tz,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.PinnacleLabs.wifihotspot,COMMUNICATION,True,,23
com.PoliceGranny.OfficerBranny.ScaryHorrorGames,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.PuppiesLiveWallpaperHDHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.RAM.AMAZINGMAZE,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Rababa.hunter,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.RacingCarsLiveWallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.RanatIslamia2020.IslamicNasheed.IslamiciRgtones2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.RbwInteractive.fortyfourCats,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Relmtech.Remote,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.RetrostyleGames.LastPirate.deadthieves,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.RetrostyleGames.SpiritRun,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Rose.Clock.Live.Wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.S2.WaStickerApps,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.SGS.DrivingSchoolGames.RealCarParkingSimulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.Salat3laRassoul,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.Shareitapplication.shareit,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SimpleDate.FaMy,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SkullsLiveWallpaperHD,PERSONALIZATION,True,,90
com.SkyDivers.asteroids3d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SkyDivers.butterfly3d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.SkyDivers.petals3d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Sleep.Fan.App.Vex,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SnowfallLiveWallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SouthernPacificOceanFisher.VoiceToText_memo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.Spanish.Ringtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Speed.City.Moto.goodgame.U3D,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SpilGames.CarEatsCar,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.SpringFlowersLiveWallpaperHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.StarsLiveWallpaperApp,PERSONALIZATION,True,,9
com.StickApps.BuenosDias_BuenasNoches,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.StormLiveWallpaperHD,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Studio17.drawrider,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.StudioFurukawa.PixelCarRacer,GAME_RACING,False,'Item not found.',
com.TalkingTom.Raccoon,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.Telgame.shadowman,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.TomatoGames.PhotoVideoLockApp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Top.My.Photo.Keyboard.Themes.Free,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.TotalPlay.totalplaytelefono,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Transparent.Screen.Live.Wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.TropicalBeachLiveWallpaperHDHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.UnlitGames.BridalRush,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.UsTggG.stiiiiiiing.pHnTottv,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WAStickerApps.catsticker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WAStickerApps.chavodel8.memes.stickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WAStickerApps.dogmeme,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WAStickerApps.love,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WAStickerApps.lovestickersticker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WAStickerApps.memesmexicanos.stickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WaldschratStudios.BackyardParking3D,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WaldschratStudios.ParkingReloaded3D,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WalkthroughforTotallyReliable.DeliveryService,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.Wallpapers.Mi10ProWallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WaterfallLiveWallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WaterfallLiveWallpaperHDHQ,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.Whatsappsticker.KumpulanStickerLucuKeren,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WifiDisplay.TV,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WildSoda.MineSurvival,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.WildWaterfallsLiveWallpaperBest,PERSONALIZATION,True,,21
com.Write.Pictures.App,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.Kindergarten,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.babyCare2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.carRepair3,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.carwash4,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.doctorBear,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.farm2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.hair4,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.YovoGames.superMarket,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ZeoWorks.SlendytubbiesAE,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.a0soft.gphone.aDataOnOff,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.a0soft.gphone.app2sd,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.a0soft.gphone.uninstaller,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.a1.apps.market.store,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.a25apps.HillClimber,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aa.extreme.city.gt.car.stunts,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aaa.adventures.scary.horror,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aaa.android.discounts,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aakarsoft.followme,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aarp.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.abi.carracer.racingfree,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aboutjsp.memowidget,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aboutjsp.thedaybefore,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.abraj.yawmiyascope,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.abtalk.freecall,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.academy.soular.star,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.ace.shell.production,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.acer.android.home,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.acfantastic.moreinlive,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aconvert.jpg2pdf,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.actionlauncher.playstore,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adaffix.publisher.tr.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.adam4adam.radar2.ui,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.addev.beenlovememory,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.addev.beenlovememory.plus,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.addnow.yoclem.addnow,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adhansalat.asalatmuslimm,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.adhapps.QesasElanbiaa,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adi.remote.phone,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adkar.sabah,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adobe.fas,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.adopteunmec.androidfr,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adpog.diary,LIFESTYLE,True,,57
com.adventure.princesssofia.free.run.sofia.world.running.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adventure.super.machino.go,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.adylitica.android.DoItTomorrow,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.af.tikplusfans,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.afkettler.earth,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.afwsamples.testdpc,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ag.multi.storey.car.parkingmaster.symstudiogames,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.agfa.wolf,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aggyapps.BestFreeRingtones.New.Ringtone_2019.ranat_hatif,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.aggyapps.galaxys6.ringtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.agus.brasil.calendario,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.agus.french.calendario,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ah.sniper.assassin.secret.war.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ahnlab.v3mobilesecurity.soda,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ai.driftzone,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aiguo.handydiary,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.ecds2.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.multiplayer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.racing.nyc,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.racing.sf,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.racinggt,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.racingmgt,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.racingstreet,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.rallyhum,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.stunts,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aim.suvrally,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.airbnb.lottie,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.airg.hookt,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.airlive.miya,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aironlabs.whatwebplus,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.airtel.africa.selfcare,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ais.mimo.eservice,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aisense.otter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aisle.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aitype.android.emojinew,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aitype.android.f,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aitype.android.lang.ar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aitype.android.lang.ru,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aitype.android.tablet,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ak.ta.condorcatalogapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.akapps.statussaver,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.akzonobel.letscolourAlbaES,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alabraggeedbnit,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aladinfun.clashofsky_th_pig,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alarmclock.xtreme.free,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.albul.timeplanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aldagames.craftingdead,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aleskovacic.messenger,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aleson.casefiveanimatronicsfnaf,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alhiwar,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alienmanfc6.wheresmyandroid,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alif.misty.premer.chondo,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aliha100.KingofSteering,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aliha100.climbingsanddune3d1,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alivewallpaper.free,PERSONALIZATION,True,,9370
com.allinone.callerid,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.allinoneremote,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alljungleadventure.jupper,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.allkimyogar.tarix,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.allmuze.app,SOCIAL,True,,43
com.aloha.browser,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alohamobile.browser,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alohamobile.browser.lite,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alp.RollerCoaster,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alp.fishingboatsimulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alp.hovercraft,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alp.shipgamessimulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alp.uphillbusdriving,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alpha.applock,TOOLS,True,,205
com.alpha.play.dinosaur.hunter.free.survivalgame,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.am.girls.app1.hairstyle.designs,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amar.socialmedianetwork,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amazing.secreateapplock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amazon.drive,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amazon.storm.lightning.client.aosp,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amberfog.reader,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amberfog.vkfree,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.americasbestpics,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.aminullahdev.ninjaultimate,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.amplegamez.angry.ninja.master,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amvg.hemlak,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anachidDiniya.dinia2020.anachidIslamia2021,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.analyzing.network,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anatomyoffun.neighbor,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ancestry.ancestrydna,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ancientdevelopers.naturewallpaperz,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.and.insta,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anddoes.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.andreas.plantivomobilepro,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.androbeings.uk.flag.zipper.lockscreen.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.android21buttons,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidbull.incognito.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.androidintercom,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.androidlost,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidringtones.sonneriespopulaires.melodies,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.crackedscreen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.feather,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.g3,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.galaxy,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.lavender,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.s4leaf,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.waterdrop,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androidwasabi.livewallpaper.xperiaz,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.androminigsm.fscifree,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.andromo.dev230101.app312270,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.andromo.dev524178.app500837,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.andromo.dev623844.app642763,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.andromo.dev623844.app688437,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.andromo.dev672710.app688168,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.angkorworld.note,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anifree.anipet.aquarium.ad,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anifree.anipet.freshwater.trial,PERSONALIZATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.animedrawing.husin,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aniplex.twst.jp,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anonytun.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ansangha.drdriving,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ansangha.drjb,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ansangha.drparking4,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ansh.lovewalls,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ansh.urducalendar,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.antiporn.pornoblock.safebrowser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.antivirus,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anwa3.alhiwar,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.anydroid.caller.name.announcer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.arabic,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.bulgarian,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.catalan,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.french,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.german,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.greek,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.hebrew,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.anysoftkeyboard.languagepack.spain,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aoemoji.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apalon.myclockfree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apalon.ringtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apalon.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ape.camera.docscan,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ape.smartleftpage,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apezix.thousandplushairstyles,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.apikdev.stickerwapentol,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.apkinstaller.ApkInstaller,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apkinstaller.Cleaner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apl.bikestunt,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apowersoft.screenrecord,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.any.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.any.vpn.pro,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.binaural_wavess,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.calculator.vault.hider,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.candletibet,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.chakras_opening,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.green.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.hider.master.pro,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.hider.master.vault.dialer,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.statussaverforwhatsapp,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.text.sex.tips,COMMUNICATION,True,,14
com.app.tibetanbowls,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.vianet,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.app.youtubers,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appbasic.celltracker,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appbasic.photoaquariumlivewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appblockgames.freecraftexploration,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appblockgames.robloxmaster,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appcraft.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appeteria.battery100alarm,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apple.movetoios,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apple.qrcode.reader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.applisto.appcloner.premium,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appmk.book.AOWYVCMOEESCISGIHN,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appocalypses.karaokevoicesimulator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appriss.mobilepatrol,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apps.MyXL,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apps.Wallpapers_3D,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appseleration.android.selfcare,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appshare.shrethis.appshare,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.appsinnova.android.battery,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appsinnova.android.keepclean,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.appsir.dereevilexegp,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appspot.app58us.backkey,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appspot.yourdepot.angryshark,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appstar.audiorecorder,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appstar.callrecorder,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appstech.classic,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appstrend.army.robot.bus.tranform,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appstrend.counter.terrorist.fps.shooting.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.appstrend.police.robot.bus.transform,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appsverse.phoner,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.appsverse.photon,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.apptab.birdssound,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.apptrend.randomvideo.livevideochat,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.appxplore.crabwar,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.appy.hennamehndidesignbook,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apusapps.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apusapps.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apusapps.theme.pinko,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apusapps.tools.flashtorch,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.apusapps.tools.unreadtips,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aqreadd.lw.newyears.lite,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aqreadd.lw.santami.lite.gle,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aquiris.horizonchase,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arabboxx.moazen,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arbstudios.tikikartfree,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.archos.filemanager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.arctic.wolf.simulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arduino.codes,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arena.banglalinkmela.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arges.mazlum.gotinenstranan,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arifapps.sbahmasae,LIFESTYLE,True,,28
com.arii.belajarwordoffice,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arimaclanka.android.hirustar,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arisanmod.gravitymcpe,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.arkadiusz.dayscounter,LIFESTYLE,True,,34
com.armnomads.hamstermazer,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.armorgames.sodadungeon,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.armorgames.sodadungeon2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.armut.armutha,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arrowshapes.cat.pattern.screen.lock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.arrowshapes.skull.pattern.lockscreen.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.art_industries.mine.pro.vs.noob.hacker.god.craft.block,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.artemitsoftapp.appupdate,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ascal.pdfreader.pdfviewer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.asg.etgt3,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.asiainno.uplive,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.asiainno.uplive.aiglamour,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.askfm,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.assai.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.assistivetouch.controlcenter,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.asteroid.hdmiotgchecker,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.astrolis.Horoscope,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.asurion.android.protech.att,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.asurion.android.verizon.vms,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.asus.aicam,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.asus.asusincallui,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.asus.deskclock,TOOLS,False,,
com.asus.easylauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.asus.mobilemanager,TOOLS,False,,
com.asus.splendid,TOOLS,False,,
com.asus.themeapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.asus.themes.freshgreen,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.asus.themes.lovelypink,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.asus.userfeedback,TOOLS,False,,
com.athan,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.athanow.prayer_times,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.atomczak.notepat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.android.attsmartwifi,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.att.callprotect,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.deviceunlock,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.miatt,COMMUNICATION,True,,41
com.att.miunefonmx,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.mobile.android.vvm,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.mobilesecurity,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.mobiletransfer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.att.myWireless,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.att.shm,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.aurora.applock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.authy.authy,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avast.android.cleaner,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.avast.android.mobilesecurity,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avast.android.vpn,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avecreation.drivingzone2pro,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.avecreation.drivingzonegermany,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avecreation.drivingzonejapan,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avecreation.drivingzonerussia,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avegagames.magic.craft.survival,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avira.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.avira.optimizer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.awt.kalnirnay,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.axis.net,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ayat.el.al.korsi.kursi.ramadan.sourat.elbaqara.alafasy.alagate,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.ayoba.ayoba,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.az.giffapp,SOCIAL,True,,10
com.azan.prayer.athan.time,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.azurgames.taxi,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.backstreet.flying.helicopter.robot.transformation.tank.war.robot.hero,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.badambiz.pk.arab,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bag.farm.day.village.farming.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bagibag.My_bag.muslim.mo2mn.hisn_muslim.kolasqJHO,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bajake.archery,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bajake.bikestunt,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bajake.cruiseshipsimulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bajake.gorillasimulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bajake.monstertruckstunts,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bajake.uphilltrain,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.baldi.horror.escape.basics,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.banana.studio.sms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bandagames.miner,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.barfi.fun.videos,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.batteryacid.highwayrider,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.battlecreek.offroadoutlaws,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bazinga.cacheclean,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bbm.enterprise,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bd.livevideochat.randomcall,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bdguy.simschool,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.beachinteractive.omo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.beakerapps.instameter2,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.beakerapps.qeek,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.beansprites.mysteryhauntedhollowFREE,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.beermoneygames.demolition3,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.beint.pinngle,COMMUNICATION,True,,227
com.beint.zangi,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bela.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.belkin.wemoandroid,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bestfreewifi.wifihotspot1,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bestnine,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bestringtones.freeringtonesformobile,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bestringtones.funny,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bestzippers.gold.lockscreen.zipper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.betafish.adblocksbrowser,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.betterhalf,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bettertomorrowapps.camerablockfree,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bettertomorrowapps.microphoneblockfree,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bhimaapps.fancytextfree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bhimaapps.mobilenumbertraker,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bigfans.crcardcreator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bigfatsimulations.airportmadness3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.biglion,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bigtexapps.notes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bigtoken.consumer,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bigvoize.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bigzur.slender4,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bike.stunt.master.game.modern.tricks,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bingoringtones.birds,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bingoringtones.ldrts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bioid.authenticator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bipper.app.bsafe,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.birdydogstudio.oceanishome.islandlife,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bit.androsmart.kbinapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bitcs.desitalent,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bitgame.zumbla.deluxe,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.blackberry.batterycenter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.blackberry.blackberrylauncher,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackberry.hub,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackberry.privacyfilter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackberry.tasks,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackbirdwallpapers.rain,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackbirdwallpapers.space,PERSONALIZATION,True,,6
com.blackdivine.gleeden,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackpanther.ninjaarashi,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackpanther.ninjaarashi2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blackwallshd.blackwallpapers,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blizzard.messenger,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blockchainvault,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blue.swan.pdfreader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bluebird.wedding.card.maker,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.blued.international,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.blued.international.qy,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bluelionmobile.qeep.client.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bluesoft.clonappmessenger,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bmx.mountain.climb.real.bicycle.racing,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bn.speackingclock,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.bnklab.android.dating,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.bongasoft.overlayvideoimage,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bonusxp.legend,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.bookbites.library,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.boombitgames.DrivingSchoolParking,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.boomclubgames.Critical.Cover.Strike.Shooting.Game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.booster.gameboostermega,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.booster.gfx,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.booster.mobile.cache.cleanerfree,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.bottledapp.bottled,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.br.orkut.app,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.brainpub.phonedecor,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.brc.SecretDiaryWithPasscode,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bringsgame.kiss,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bringsgame.love,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.brink.livelock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.broadlink.neutralapp,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.brother.mfc.brprint,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.brother.printservice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.brother.ptouch.sdk.printdemo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.browan.freeppmobile.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.brunopiovan.avozdazueira,TOOLS,False,,
com.bsoft.app.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.budgestudios.ThomasAndFriendsGoGoThomas,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.budgestudios.TransformersRescueBotsHeroAdventures,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.budgestudios.googleplay.HotWheelsUnlimited,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.budgestudios.googleplay.ThomasAndFriendsMagicalTracks,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.buffstudio.sevendays_free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bunchgames.gt.car.racing,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bunny.run.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bunstudio.superadventurerofteddy,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.buntoo.drone.robot.transformation,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.buntoo.goat.robot.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.buntoo.helicopter.robot.transformation.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.buntoo.lion.robot.transformation.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.burakgon.dnschanger,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.burakgon.gamebooster3,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bwm.vacio,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.bycodec.offroad,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.byteexperts.texteditor,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bytetyper.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.calarcon.documentscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.calculator.vault,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.calea.echo,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.call.flash.color.phone.callerscreen.flashlight,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.call.flash.theme.emoji.wallpaper.lock.screen.security.smooth.efficiency.color.phone.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.caller.id.location.gps.maps.phone.number.tracker.mobile.locator,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.caller.id.mobile.phone.number.location.locator.live.track.tracker.callblocker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.callerid.block,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.callpod.android_apps.keeper,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.callrecord.auto,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cam.scanner.camscanner.documentscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.camel.corp.universalcopy,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.camscanner.documentscanner.pdfscanner.textscanner.photos.scanner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.camsea.videochat,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.camshare.camfrog.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.candl.athena,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.canuapp.app,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.car.parking.simulator.car.driving.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.car.stunts.spider.cargames.carracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cardsd.transfert,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.care.android.careview,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.carfax.consumer,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.carxtech.carxdr2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.carzyspeed2.racingcar.turbo.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cashingltd.cashing,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cashngifts,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cashslide,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.catalinagroup.callrecorder,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.catple.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cats.pirate_adventures,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cb.myvacation.realadventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cb.pregnant.mom.baby.newborn.care.games,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cb.salonfashion,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.celltick.lockscreen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cesayazilim.hikaye_kitabi,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cg.android.countdown,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cg.motorbike,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cg.rcmonster,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cga.my.color.note.notepad,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cgmobile.rc,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cgs.fox.transform.bike.robot.shooting.robot.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cgs.futuristic.flying.dino.transform.robot.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cgs.us.flying.police.robot.speed.hero.crime.city.hero.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cgs.us.police.transform.robot.shark.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chain.bikeshill,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.juzamma.audioplugin.abdulbasit,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.juzamma.audioplugin.alafasy,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.juzamma.audioplugin.alajamy,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.juzamma.audioplugin.ghamidi,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.juzamma.audioplugin.hudhaify,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.yrwm.audioplugin.abdulbasit,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.yrwm.audioplugin.alafasy,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.yrwm.audioplugin.alajamy,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.yrwm.audioplugin.ghamidi,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaks.yrwm.audioplugin.hudhaify,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chakumero.chakuutamuryo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.challengeLab.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaozhuo.filemanager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chaozhuo.gameassistant,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.charmy.cupist,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.chartcross.gpstest,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chat.ruletka,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chat_rooms.app876885,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chatgum.chat.rooms,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chatous.chatous,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chatroullete.alternative,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.checknomer.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.chengcheng.FreeVPN,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chi.CarKing,GAME_RACING,True,,135
com.chi.Taxi2,GAME_RACING,True,,141
com.chic.blacklight,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chic.colorlightsshake,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chic.torch,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chiir.hazin.adabwaforak,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.chimbori.hermitcrab,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.chumteam.chumvideocall,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ciamedia.caller.id,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ciangproduction.sestyc,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cihad.iftaranekadarkaldi,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cincoapp.labiblia,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.citadini.dev.memescomfrasesbr,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.city.dragon.simulator.fire.attack,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cjq20130603.feather,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cjq20130603.meteors.night,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cjq20130603.meteors.starfly,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cks.dialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clan.of.pony,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clap.find.my.mobile.alarm.sound,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.claro.pe.miclaro,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.claroColombia.contenedor,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clarocolombia.miclaro,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clarodrive.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.classic.bounce,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.clean.junk.cleaner.fast.master,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cleanteam.oneboost,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cleanteam.onesecurity,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.clear.loud,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clear.superfunny,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cleverturtle.brickbuilder,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.clip.india.video.status,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.cliqs.love.romance.sms,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cloneapp.parallelspace.dualspace,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cloudflare.onedotonedotonedotone,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cloudike.vodafone,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cloudmagic.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clover.daysmatter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.clubhouse.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cma.launcher.lite,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cmer.terminal,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cocacola.app.cee,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.codemasters.F1Mobile,GAME_RACING,False,,
com.codepoint.carswallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,True,,5
com.coderays.tamilcalendar,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.coke.cokeon,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.coldapp.hometownadventure2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.colive.guroja,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.color.call.screen.color.phone.themes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.colorflash.callerscreen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.colorfultheme.emojikeyboard,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.colorphone.callcolor.app.phone.smooth.dialer.call.colorcall.flash.screen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.combineinc.streetracing.driftthreeD,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.combyne.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.comcast,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.comcast.hsf,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.commonfloor,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.commutree,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.concentriclivers.mms.com.android.mms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.connectToCasting.TV,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.connected2.ozzy.c2m,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.connection.wireless.wirelessconnectortv,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.connectionwireless.mirrorlinkc,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.consultarcedula.antecedentespenales,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.contapps.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.contritrack.phone,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cookingmania.cookinggames,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.coolringtones.topringtones2017.ringtonesforoppo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.coolstickers.arabstickerswtsp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.coopresapps.free.antivirus,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cooyostudio.penguin.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cosmiccow.cubiccastles,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.couchgram.privacycall,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cpuid.cpu_z,TOOLS,True,,31
com.cradley.bee.robot.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.craftandsurv.multiplayer,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.craftgames.plntcrft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.craftgames.worldcrft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.crazyapps.mobilelocationtracker,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazybingo.CrazyTaxi,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazygame.inputmethod.keyboard6,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazygame.inputmethod.keyboard7,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazylabs.hotel.transylvania.adventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazylabs.jumanji,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazysoftech.crazyflashlight,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazystudio.emoji.kitkat,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crazystudio.mms6,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.create.pottery.paint.by.color,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.creativejoy.christmascard,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.creativemobile.DragRacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.creativemobile.nno,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.credeone.armoredcarhd,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crescentmoongames.blocky_roads,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crescentmoongames.mimpi,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crescentmoongames.redline_rush,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crimecop.policechase.chasegames.copdoggames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crocodile.run.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crone.skinsforgirls,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crone.worldofskins,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.crsh.flyingrobot.carwars,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cryptic.mountain.motor.city,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.csie.bluetoothremote,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ctv.vn.lichviet,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cultureland.ver2,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cupidabo.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cuqqapps.anlamliguzelsozler,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cuqqapps.cumamesajlari,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cuqqapps.kapaklaflar,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cutebabyfrockdesigns.pitlord,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cutestudio.led.color.sms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cutestudio.neonledkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cutestudio.pdf.camera.scanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cutestudio.pdfviewer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cuteu.videochat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cv.docscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cvinfo.filemanager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cxinventor.file.explorer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cyclosis.voicechanger,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.cyou.privacysecurity,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.daily.horoscope.face.aging.palm.scan,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dailytechoffer.telegrammovies,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.dand.first,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.darkriddle.classic,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dartit.RTcabinet,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dartushinc.callername,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.databuddy.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.datacomprojects.scanandtranslate,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dating.for.all,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.datingnode.onlywomen,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dayakomputer.Kalender,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dazz.hoop,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dbSoftware.siepro,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dbSoftware.sievolve,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.ddim.happygo,LIFESTYLE,True,,82
com.ddm.iptools,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.deathmoto.bikeracing.realtrafficrider.realbikeracing.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.decoders.love.emoji,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.deemedyainc.dx,GAME_RACING,True,,55
com.deercatgames.tunnelrush,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.defianttech.diskdigger,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.deishelon.lab.huaweithememanager,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.delitestudio.filetransferfree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dena.mirrativ,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.dena.pokota,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dencreak.dlcalculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dencreak.esmemo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dentwireless.dentapp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.depot.live.fishes.android,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.desarrollodroide.repos,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.desoline.android.pdfreader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.destotechgames.offroad.horse.taxi.sim,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.destructioncrew.ddm,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.desygner.socialposts,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.detgames.modern.attack.counter.shooting.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dev.beethoven_best_10,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dev.chopin_best_10,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dev.dailyhoroscopepalmreader,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.dev.mozart_best_10,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dev.vivaldi_best_10,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dev3factory.shinbiApart,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.devaipih.fasterliteforfacebookcolorforfacebbok,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.developenich.flashflashalert,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.devemendous.telve,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.devgame.fixiesgames,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.devgame.yoohoo.friends.animal.doctor.kids,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.deviantart.android.damobile,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.devkrushna.document.scanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.devm.tharsisracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dewmobile.kuaiya.play,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dewmobile.kuaiya.web,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dezmonde.foi.chretien,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dft.onyxdemo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dg.fish.simulator.wallpapers.koipond.freeapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dhrandroid.azkar.muslim,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dictionaryworld.englishurdutranslator,COMMUNICATION,True,,3
com.digger.pixel3d.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.digi.portal.mobdev.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.digibites.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.digilocker.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.digiset.getinstagramfollowers.app,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.digitalchemy.calculator.freefraction,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.digitalcosmos.shimeji,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dirar.sowarsabahmassae,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.directoriotigo.hwm,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dirtybit.fra,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.disa,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.discord,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.distimo.phoneguardian,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.diylocker.lock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.djinnworks.StickStuntBiker2.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.djinnworks.StickmanDownhill,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dl.app.div.dri,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dlink.mydlinkunified,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.doctor.robot.rescue.mission,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.documentreader.documentapp.filereader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.docusign.ink,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.docxreader.docx.reader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dodreams.driveahead,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dogbytegames.blockyrush,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dogbytegames.offroadlegends2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dogbytegames.offroadlegendsfree,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dogbytegames.offtheroad,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dogbytegames.zombiesafari,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.doit.fun.games.offroad.rally.truck.apps,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.applock.lite,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.applockwatcher,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.aut.agreen,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.aut.apink,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.aut.bbeam,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.aut.cbutterfly,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.aut.crain,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.messenger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.domobile.videochat,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.doodle.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.door.modren.car.traffic.apps,GAME_RACING,True,,36
com.door.santa.claus.gift.delivery.christmas,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dopetech.videocall,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.doraemon.doraemonRepairShop,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dorianlabs.blindid,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.doubledigital.fishschooling,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.doubleread,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.douglas.main,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.download.free.videodownloader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.download.funny.online,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.downloader.privatebrowser,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.downloadlab.facebook.video.downloader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.downloadwhatsappstatus.statussaver.videodownloader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.downlood.sav.whmedia,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dq.zombieskater.main,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dramaton.slime,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.dream_studio.animalringtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dreamgamez.helicopter.gunship.strike,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dreamplay.realmoto.google,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dricodes.fontgenerator,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.dricodes.simboloseletrasdiferentesfree,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.driftwood.wallpaper.nightfall.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.driftwood.wallpaper.starlight.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.drilens.wamr,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.drive2,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.droid.caller.id.phone.number.location,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.droid.developer.caller.screen.flash.gps.locator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.droidhen.game.racingmoto,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.droidhen.game.xrunner,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.droidhen.paperracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.droidstudio.game.devil2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.drone.gangster.attack.mission,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dropbox.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.drweb,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.drweb.pro,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dstukalov.walocalstoragestickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dstukalov.watelegramstickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dtapps.status.saver,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dualar.dua,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.dubaipolice.uaedrifting,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.dubizzle.horizontal,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.duckduckgo.mobile.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ducky.bikehill3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.duokan.phone.remotecontroller,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.duyp.vision.textscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eAlimTech.PTIMES,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ea.game.nfs14_row,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ea.games.r3_na,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ea.games.r3_row,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.earhlink.mynet,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.easilydo.mail,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.easycard.wallet,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.easycodes.memesbr,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.easytouch.assistivetouch,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.easyway.freewifi,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eboks.activities,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ecareme.asuswebstorage,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.echofon,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eci.citizen,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eco.fastcharger,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eco.global.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.edengames.GTSpirit,GAME_RACING,False,,
com.edgeround.lightingcolors.rgb,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.edit.clip.status.video,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.eers.kraft.eerskraft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eg.deathpark2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ejjamtech.pingbooster.iap,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ejjamtech.rambooster.iap,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ekaisar.android.eb,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.elechand.ikmkpro,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.elechand.ikmkpro7,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.elm.obd.harry.scan,COMMUNICATION,True,,63
com.elm.scan.obd.arny,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emailapp.email.client.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emailclient.mailchecker.outlook.hotmail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emart.today,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emeint.android.myservices,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emoji.coolkeyboard,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emoji.smiley.locker,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emojifamily.emoji.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.emojifamily.emoji.keyboard.art.love,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.emojifamily.emoji.keyboard.font.twitteremoji,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.emojifamily.emoji.keyboard.sticker.MiddleFingerGif,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.emojifamily.emoji.keyboard.style.coloremoji,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.endless.racing.car.free.games,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.endressdreamky.loveting,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.englishtourdu.urdutoenglishdictionary,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.enlightment.screenshot,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.enlightment.voicecallrecorder,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ennesoft.secretdiary,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.enoxsoftware.cvvtuberexample,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.entel.movil,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.enteriosoft.extremebalancer2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.enteriosoft.extremebalancer3,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.enterkomug.justlo,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.entertain.androdoc,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.entertain.androwriter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.entertain.androxls,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.entertainment.nokalite,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.eonsoft.AutoCallRecoder,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.epson.documentscan,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.epson.mobilephone.android.epsonprintserviceplugin,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.equalizer.volume.music.bass.booster.tool,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.esealed.dalily,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eset.ems2.gp,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.espirita.frases,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.estmob.android.sendanywhere,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eston.bikinibottoms,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.estsoft.alyac,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.etisalat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.etudehouse,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.euphratesmedia.clockwidget,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.euroitlabs.translatorapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.europe.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.evil.cogs.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.evlcm.cutewallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ewut.allealimi,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.exatools.laserlevel,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.excel.apps.galaxy.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.excelliance.multiaccounts,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.excentus.frn.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.exiongames.exionhillracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.exiongames.exionoffroadracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.existage.v4,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.existage.vasia,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.existage.vrr,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.explorationbase.ExplorationLite,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.explore.web.browser,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.explorer.file.manager.fileexplorer.exfile,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.expressvpn.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.extremeenjoy.samayal,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.extremefungames.mototrafficrace,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.extremefungames.mototrafficrace2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.exutech.chacha,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eyecon.global,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.eyesthegame.eyes,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fa.bad.girls.wrestling.fighting.mania,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fa.gym.fighting.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fa.tag.karate.fighting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.facechat.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.facemoji.lite.indian,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.facemoji.lite.xiaomi.gp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.facetec.photoidmatchtester,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fachat.freechat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.faladdin.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.familywall,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.famousringtones2018p.populartones.bestringtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fancy.fontforu.hindikeyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fancy.fonts.style.keyboard.emojis.screen.number,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fancy.stylist.keyboard.font,PERSONALIZATION,True,,5
com.fancyapp.qrcode.barcode.scanner.reader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fancyforce.happywheels,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fancyu.videochat.love,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fancyu.videochat.love.pro,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fantasticdroid.flashalerts,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.farproc.wifi.analyzer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fashion.famous.frenzy.runway.showsumer,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fast.free.unblock.secure.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fast.motorcycle.driver,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fastsigninemail.securemail.bestemail,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fatowl.screensprofree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fb.glovebox,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fengiiley.frlegends,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ffgames.racingincar,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fg.crazy.bike.traffic.racer.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fgs.ct,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fgz.flying.fire.truck.engine.rescue.firefighter.robot.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fgz.us.police.eagle.robot.transform.flying.bike.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fgz.us.police.flying.helicopter.car.transform.robot.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.filaret.gotocardriving,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.file.explorer.manager.space.clean,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.finalwire.aida64,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.finazzi.distquake,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.finchmil.thtclub,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fineapptech.ttalk,COMMUNICATION,True,,134
com.finestandroid.voiceeffect,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fingersoft.benjibananas,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fingersoft.benjibananasadventures,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fingersoft.hcr2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fingersoft.hillclimb,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.finjan.securebrowser,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.firasa.dirasa,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.firebreak.whatsclonemessenger,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.firebytemonee.MakeoverRun,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.first.plug.dorSir04,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fitness.debugger,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fivebn.LL1_f2p,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fivedraw.nc,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fivestars.FiveStarsConsumer,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fivestarsapp.bluekoalastickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flashalerts3.oncallsmsforall,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flashkeyboard.leds,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flashlightsuper.tung.flashlight,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flatfish.cal.privacy,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.flexaspect.android.everycallcontrol,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flipdog.crypto.plugin,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flower.morning,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flowerstickers.wastickerapps,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flufflydelusions.app.enotesclassiclite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fly.app.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flyersoft.plugin_pdf,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flying.car.shooting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.flyperinc.flychat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.follower.dlyatiktok,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.followers.unfollowers,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.followstat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fontskeyboard.fonts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fooview.android.fooview,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.foranj.farmhouse,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.formula.car.racing.freegames,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.formula.car.racing.stunts.impossible.tracks2019,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.forsync,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fortune.astroguru,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fortunemirror,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.fortunescope,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.foxit.mobile.pdf.lite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.foxyapp.racingGamesBikeFree,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fps.shooting.coverfir.game2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fpsmeter.crosshairfree,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fractal360.go.launcherex.theme.gfl,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.frag.vrrollercoaster,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.alquran.holyquran.quranpak,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.fast.proxy.lion.vpn,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.free.fastvpn,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.free.lock.screen.pattern.lock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.neo.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.turbo.unlimited.touch.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.unblock.melon.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.unlimited.lemon.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.unlimited.tapvpn.proxy,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.vpn.bunny,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.free.vpn.proxy.hotspot.snapvpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.vpn.shoora,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.free.vpn.tunnel.secure,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.free.wireless.hack.network.connection.hotspot.password.wifi,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.freedompop.ott,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.freedomrewardz,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.freegames.mountaincardriving,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.freerange.goosebumps,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.freevpnintouch,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.freewebnet.wificon4,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.frenzygames.fgs.offroad.farm.animal.transport.trailer.truck,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.frenzygames.fgs.uphill.offroad.pickup.driver.cargo.duty,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.friendscube.somoim,SOCIAL,True,,296
com.frimustechnologies.claptofind,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.frogmind.badland,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.frontline.sniper.commando.shootinggames,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.froop.app.kegs,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.frs.anaconda.snakeattack.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fsck.k9,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fsilva.marcelo.lostminer,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fsp.android.c,SOCIAL,False,,
com.fsp.android.phonetracker,TOOLS,False,,
com.ftw_and_co.happn,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fulldive.mobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.fungames.gun.ops.cs.shoot.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fungames.high.speed.real.car.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fungames.highway.traffic.race,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.funtome.api,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.furiouscleaner.batterysaver,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.fury.shooting.strike2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.g19mobile.gamebooster,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.g5e.hiddencity.android,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.g5e.homicidesquadpg.android,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.g5e.nightmares2.android,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.g5e.secretsociety,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.g5e.survivors,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ga.us.army.counter.attack.fps.shooting.game,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gaga.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gagalite.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gai.status.saver.ssw,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.galaxy.glitter.live.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.galaxyapps.lock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.galaxyapps.routefinder,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.galaxys.camera4k,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.galaxys10wallpaper.topwallpaper2019.wallpapers2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.galaxys10wallpaper.wallpapergalaxys10.xrwallpaper,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.galleryvault.VideoLocker,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamad.aquaman,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamad.busgamessimulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamad.shipgamessimulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamania.swapub,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.BMX_Boy,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.SuperMii,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.demolitionderby,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.friends.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.globalsoccerleague.footballgame,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.survivalisland.fightforsurvival.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.game.survivalisland.woodcraft.pro,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamebasic.decibel,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameberry.baby.house,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamecrew.flying.goat.transform.robot.war.robot.hero,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamecrush.royalindiangirlweddingarrangemarriagegame,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamefeast.robot.war.flying.robot.bike,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamefirst.Jurassic.Survival.Island.ARK2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamefirst.arkofcraftsdinosaurs,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,3303
com.gameflag.prison.escapemission.survival,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameinsight.gplay.mmanor,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameinsight.mirrorsofalbionandroid,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamelead.endless.cat.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameline.survivalcraftfree,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftA8HM,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftA9HM,GAME_RACING,False,,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftAGHM,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftIVHM,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftRAHM,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamelounge.water.car.racing.stunts.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gamenauts.ninjafishingfull,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameone.moto.extreme,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamerstech.westgunfighter.gangsterfight.cowboygun.shootingopenworld,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.games2win.drivingacademy,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.games2win.drivingacademy2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.games2win.drivingacademyindia,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.games2win.highschooldt,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.games2win.parkingfrenzy,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.games2win.superschooldriver,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamesarcade.cubenightatpizza4,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamescapes.flying.bike.stunts,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamesentity.granny.horrorgame.house.dvloper,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.gamesentity.gun.war.shooting.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamesentity.igi.sniper.shooting.strike,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamestr.angry.wild.bull.rampage.simulator,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamestr.extreme.city.gt.atv.bike.stunts,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameswing.crazyspeed.bikeracing.motorider.multiplayerracing,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gameswing.impossible.formula.car.stunts.gt.mega.ramp.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gameswing.impossibletracks.stuntdriving.simulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamesworld.ninja.battleground.survival,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gametornado.short_life,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gametornado.shortride,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamevil.monster.global,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamexis.racing.ferocity.apps,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamma.bubblelevel,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gamma.scan,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gangstar.crime.fps,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gapafzar.messenger,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gappstudios.autowifi3gdataswitch.san.basicpdfviewer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.garena.game.fcsac,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gary.NoTePases,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.calendarwidget,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.clockwidget,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.notewidget,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.gowidget.switchwidget,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.key.getjar,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.s,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.bestlauncherforandroid2017,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.butterflytheme,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.cyanogen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.defaultthemethree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.free2017goldlauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.lovelauncher2018,PERSONALIZATION,True,,60
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.lovepetal.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.lovestorylxxx,PERSONALIZATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.magicgolaunchertheme,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.newlauncher2017,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.pinkthemesforandroid,PERSONALIZATION,True,,105
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.pinkybow.zt.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.t3dlaunchernew2017version,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gau.go.launcherex.theme.t3dthemeforandroid2017,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gazecloud.fishfinderEN,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.gazman.beep,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gb.cargarage.carworkshop.mechanicgames,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gbs.HighwayTraffic.racingin.car.e.speedracer.htcr.turbo,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gbs.snow.offroadtracks.busdriver.simulator2018free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gcg.bigCruiseShip_GCG,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gcg.oiltanker,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ge.impossible.tracks.formula.mega.ramp.car.stunt,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.geekslab.screenshot,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gel.bottle.shooting.game.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gemtechnologies.gem4me,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.generalcomp.sannce,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.generalcomp.vrcam,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.generalmobile.assistant,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.geozilla.family,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.getaction,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gezellig.roadcrash,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.citytaxi.cabcar.pickanddrop.taxidriver,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.extreme.gtracing.car.stunts.impossiblecarstunts.stuntdriving,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.flight.pilot.parking.simulator3d.free,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.flyinghelicopter.rescuemission.helicopterrescue,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.flyingmotorbike.policebike.robotshooting,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.megaramp.carracing.carchase,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.oil.refinery.construction.excavator.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.railwaystation.railroadconstruction.constructiongames,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.rampcar.racing.stunts.extreme,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.superhero.taxi.simulator.car.stunts.impossiblecarstunts.stuntdriving,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gf.zoo.heavy.excavator.crane.truck.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gfstudio.survivalisland2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gfstudio.survivalislandfree,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ghive.jeep.parking.car.free.game.master.apps,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,17
com.ghostsq.commander.dbx,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ghostsq.commander.gdrive,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ghs.dragon.robot.car.monster.truck.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ghs.drone.robot.transform.muscle.car,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ghs.missile.launcher.robot.car.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.giffgaffmobile.controller,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gingersoftware.android.keyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gion.android.GnMemoG,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.globalappsh.racer.heavytraffic.speedy,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.globalcoporation.speaktotorchlight,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.globalfun.wbb.free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.globant.clubpersonal,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.globe.grewards,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.globile.mycontactbackup,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glority.everlens,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glounge.street.skating.skateboard.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glovo,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glowapps.memestickerswhatsapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glu.britney,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glu.kandk,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glu.stardomkim,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glufun.snake.sim,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.glympse.android.glympse,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gmail.abdalahi1202.ibn3acher,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gmail.geovanneb.DeclaracoesDeAmor,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gmail.heagoo.apkeditor.parser,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gmail.jmartindev.timetune,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gms.armytransporter.militarytruck.cargocrane.offroaddriving,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.gms.carracing.impossiblestunts.drivingsimulator,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.gms.impossiblestunts.suvdrive.dangerousroad,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gn4me.games.fananees,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gnnetcom.jabraservice,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gobest.goclean,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gofeiyu.totalk,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gogii.textplus,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gogoideal.qrcode.reader.barcode.scanner.flashlight,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gokoo.flashdog,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gold.dialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gombe.freeboxrevolution,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gombosdev.ampere,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.goodev.volume.booster,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.goodmorning007,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.goodwallpapers.tapety_3d_vectorial,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.adm,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.blogger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.chromecast.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.googleassistant,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.kids.familylinkhelper,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.m4b,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.google.android.apps.paidtasks,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.tasks,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.wearable.phone,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.google.android.backdrop,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.android.calculator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.ims,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.katniss,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.android.leanbacklauncher,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.android.tv.remote,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.google.android.tv.remote.service,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.android.tvlauncher,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.android.tvrecommendations,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.android.vr.home,TOOLS,False,,
com.google.samples.apps.cardboarddemo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.google.vr.cardboard.apps.designlab,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.goplaytoday.divers,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.angry.crocodile.simulator.attack,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.angry.crocodile.simulator.attack.hunting.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.bicycleriding.stuntsycle.stuntgames.cyclegames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.bikedriving.homedelivery.boysimulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.cityambulance.emergencydriving.rescuedriver,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.citybuilder.constructiongames.houseconstruction,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.deliveryboy.goodpizza.vandelivery.pizzagames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.drivinggames.stickmantransporter.cargotruck,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.impossible.ramp.car.stunt.tracks,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.mega.ramp.crazy.bike.racing,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.police.tow.truck.driving.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.snow.city.construction.excavator,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gp.virtual.family.simulator.real.life.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grace.microphone,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grammarly.android.keyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grampanchayatonlinesewa,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grandito.autcity,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.granita.contacticloudsync,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.granita.icloudmail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gravity.rider.balance.run.bike,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.greatclips.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.green.banana.app.lockscreenpassword,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.greengold.hanumanvsmahiravana,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grindrapp.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grootersproductions.challenge,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.grs.alarmtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grs.policesiren,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.grymala.photoruler,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.gs.angry.crocodile.attack3d,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gsmdev.simcard,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gss.cityhighway.stunt.rider,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gstarmc.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gt.bikestunt.racinggames.real,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.guardian.security.pri,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.guca.whatssemcontato,COMMUNICATION,True,,6
com.gucci.gucciapp,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.guibais.whatsauto,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.guideir.app,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.guninnuri.guninday,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.guochao.faceshow,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gv.grand.deer.hunting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gvt.minhagvt.enterprise,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gvtech.facereadingtips,LIFESTYLE,True,,7
com.gwl.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gz.deer.hunting.shooting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.gzl.drivebus.parking.game,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.habitrpg.android.habitica,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.haiku.adventure.escape.game.mystery.stories,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.haikugamesco.escape11,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.haikugamesco.escapeasylum,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.halo.wifikey.wifilocating,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hamelin.wanapp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.hammerhead.furious7abudhabi,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hamropatro,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hamsterbeat.wallpapers.fx.panorama,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hanaGames.DinosOnline,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hancom.interfree.genietalk,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.handmark.tweetcaster,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hantor.CozyMag,LIFESTYLE,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.happy.family.car.robot.rampage,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.happy.family.crocodile.robot.simulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.happy.family.deer.robot.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.happy.family.fps.shooting.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.happyhollow.flash.torchlight,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.happypointcard.happyorder,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.happyverse.nicknameforgamers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hasbro.hanazukiapp,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hasbro.tf360appstore,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hb.construction.city.building.simulator2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hb.dialer.free,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hb.taxi.driver.sim2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hbg.army.prison.transport.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hbg.army.training.school.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hbg.gangstercrime.flyingropehero.fightinggame,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hbg.mad.bmx.stunts.races2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hbg.navy.big.cruise.ship.sim2019,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hbg.superheroes.extreme.gtracing.car.stunts.impossiblecarstunts.stuntdriving,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hchyan.hadra.lhbiboladou,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hd.beautifulplacewallpaper.awesomewallpaper.Beautifulbackgroundwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hd.wallpaper.backgrounds,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hdipc360,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hdmi.app,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hdviet.lichvannien.tuvi209,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hdw.blackwallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hdw.girlywallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hdwallpaper.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.heartfull.forms,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hecorat.azplugin2,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.heliogames.westland,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hello.application,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.helloapp.heloesolution,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.helloplay,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.helloworldinc.bomdianoitefigs,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.herocraft.game.raceillegal,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.herocraft.game.zombiederby2,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.herogame.gplay.magicminecraft.mmorpg,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.heytell,SOCIAL,False,,
com.hg.slimemaking.fluffyjelly.makeandplay,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.hgamesartworks.ninjasamurai5,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hgg.satisfying.slime.simulator.ASMR.games,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hgs.openworld.criminalcity.mafiagangster,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hi5.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hicloud.android.clone,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hidespps.apphider,SOCIAL,False,,
com.highlight.cover.maker.for.instagram.story.creator.storylight,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.highscorehero.hovercraft,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.highscorehero.takedown,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.highsecure.photokeypadlockscreen,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hippo_kids_games.day_of_the_dead.dia_de_los_muertos,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hisn.almuslim,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hitcents.stickmanepicfree,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hkbmob.lovehdwallpaper,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hkfuliao.chamet,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hktv.android.hktvmall,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hm.goe,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hm.soft.talking.clock,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hmdglobal.camera2,TOOLS,False,,
com.hmdglobal.support,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hmg.diysequin.simulator,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hnk.touchthewall,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hobbylobbystores.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.holiestep.msgpeepingtom,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.home.emoticon.emoji,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.homeismobile,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.homeplus.myhomeplus,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.honeycam,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.honikougames.lilkraken,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hornet.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hotmart.sparkle,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hp.android.printservice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hp.printercontrol,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hpapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ht.mini.car.raceway.endless.drive,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.htc.HTCSpeaker,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.htc.cs.pns,TOOLS,False,,
com.htc.dotmatrix,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.htc.sense.hsp,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.htc.sense.ime.langpack.xara,TOOLS,False,,
com.htc.sense.ime.langpack.xbul,TOOLS,False,,
com.htc.sense.ime.langpack.xcat,TOOLS,False,,
com.htc.sense.ime.langpack.xchi,TOOLS,False,,
com.htc.sense.ime.langpack.xlav,TOOLS,False,,
com.htc.sense.mms,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.htc.sense.socialnetwork.facebook,SOCIAL,False,,
com.htc.vte,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.htckenny.kenny.urlopen,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.htetznaing.zfont2,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hualai,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.huanliao.tiya,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huawei.KoBackup,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huawei.android.thememanager,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.huawei.honorclub.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huawei.hwdetectrepair,TOOLS,False,,
com.huawei.hwid,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huawei.mw,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huawei.phoneservice,TOOLS,False,,
com.hubg.virtual.winter.survival.wild.wolf.family.simulator.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hulahoop.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hundred.qibla,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hung_minh.wifitest,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hunterline.moderncomplete,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hunterline.mods.mcpe.addons.modsminecraft,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hushed.release,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hutapp.dogstickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hutchgames.hillclimb,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hutchgames.hilldash2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hutchgames.smashbandits,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hutchgames.smashcopsheat,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huuugetaptapgames.rollercoaster,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.huya.pokogame,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.hy.sfacer,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hyperbeard.tsuki,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.hyperfame.car.gamesracing2019_free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.i6.PoliceFastCarDriving3D,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.i6.rccar,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iApp.call.screen.theme,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iRingtones2020.ayfonRingtones.PhoneRingtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iabuzz.apk.BEEPZZ,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.iandrobot.andromouse.lite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ibamb.kalenderindonesia,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ibragunduz.applockpro,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ibrahim.hijricalendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ibrozz.statussaver,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ibs.dinosaur.kingdom.battle.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.ibs.king.of.fleet.sea.battle.simulator.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.ibs.world.war.battlefield.ww2.shooter,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.icatch.SkyThunderRC,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.iccom.luatvietnam,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.icecoldapps.screenshoteasy,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ichangemycity.swachhbharat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iclean.master.boost,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.icloudzone.AsphaltMoto,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.icloudzone.DeathMoto3,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.icloudzone.RacingAir,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.icloudzone.SpeedNight,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.icloudzone.SpeedNight2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.icq.mobile.client,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.icyarena.android.mehndidesign,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.idmobile.horoscope,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ifc.speed.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iforpowell.android.ipantman,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ig.stuntman.water.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.igg.android.wegamers,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ignates.allFonts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ignates.findfriends,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.igoldtech.streetchaser,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikarus.ikarustestvirus,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.emoji.emojione,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.FlamingSkull,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.GalaxyPanda,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.best.friend.forever,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.blue.flame.skull,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.chat.messenger,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.cool.dj.club,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.galaxy,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.galaxy.candy.cupcake,PERSONALIZATION,True,,79
com.ikeyboard.theme.galaxy.drop.heart,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.galaxy2,PERSONALIZATION,True,,674
com.ikeyboard.theme.glitter.allah,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.golddiamond,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.golden_bow,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.green.zombie.skull_2,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.hellfire,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.holy_jesus,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.jesus.lord,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.jet.black.new.phone10,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.laser.black.bright,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.neon.love,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.neon_tiger,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.neonwolf,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.os11,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.pink.rose.flower,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.pink.roses,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.racing.sports.car,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.red.valentine.hearts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.romantic.love,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.rosegold,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.sakura.floral,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.sparkle.neon.lights,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ikeyboard.theme.twinkleminnybowknot,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imayi.dinodigger3free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imayi.dinoislandfree,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imessage.text.ios,COMMUNICATION,True,,25
com.imo.android.imoimbeta,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imo.android.imoimhd,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imo.android.imoimlite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imoblife.gamebooster_plug_in,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imoo.watch.global,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imp.hedgy,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.impossible.tracks.real.race.games,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imult.leotig,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.imvu.mobilecordova,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.in.hdwallpapersapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.in.w3d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.incredibleapp.wallpapershd,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.indifungame.elitehero,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.indigokids.mim,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.indigokids.mimhillclimb,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.inditex.stradivarius,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.inditex.zara,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.infinityvector.assolutoracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.infinix.xshare,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.infraware.office.link,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ingyomate.shakeit,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.innoace.android.tvfood,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.innovate.KoreaSocial,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.innovationm.myandroid,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.innover.imagetopdf,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.inoapp.cardinfo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.inpocket.playcraftgo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.inpocket.school.girls.craft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.insigniaapp.hdphone7fullicallscreen,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.insta.postdownload,SOCIAL,True,,8
com.instachat.android,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.integer.ghostride3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.internet.gratis,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.internetdesignzone.birthdaymessages,SOCIAL,True,,53
com.internetdesignzone.quotes,SOCIAL,True,,63
com.intersvyaz.lk,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.intsig.camscannerhd,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.iobit.mobilecare,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iodroidapps.btaf,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ionicframework.exebycellance1,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.ios.iphone.ios13.launcherios13,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.ipapas.sajulite,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iphoneringtone.ringtoneiphone,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ironmeta.security.turbo.proxy.vpntomato.pro,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.isandroid.highwayracersvscops,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.isharing.isharing,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.islam360,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.islamiccenter.holyquranbook.quranaudio.qiblafinder.prayertime,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.islammobile.biz.AOWKKDWSIXYVCNMW,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.island.game.marble.classic,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.islandbrilliant.happyworldof,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ist.lwp.koipond,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.istomgames.blockycastle,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.istomgames.cars,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.itbenefit.android.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.its.yarus,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ivilamobie.pdfreader.pdfeditor,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ivy.streetracing.hd,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ixl.Finolex,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.izumiartisan.old_basement,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jagex.oldscape.android,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.james.SmartUninstaller,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jamworks.floatify,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jao.wifi.map.hotspot.connection.wifianalyzer.password.anywhere.wifimanager,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jappy.mobileMessenger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jaredco.calleridannounce,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jaredco.regrann,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jaumo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jaumo.gay,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jaumo.lesbian,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.emoji.gokeyboard,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.langpack.es,PRODUCTIVITY,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.jb.gokeyboard.langpack.ru,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.plugin.emojione,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.plugin.facecombination.funny,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.plugin.pad,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.plugin.twemoji,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.keyboardthemetattoo.getjar,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.timssfasttypingkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tkcartoonkeyboardtheme,PERSONALIZATION,True,,114
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmeblueneon,PERSONALIZATION,True,,98
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmekbdcolor,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmekeyboardred,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmekeyboardthemeforandroid,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmeledkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmeluminouskeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.tmepinkneon,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twamericankeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twchangecolorofkeypad,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twcolorthemeskeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twflamekeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twneonbutterflieskeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboard.theme.twpinklovekeyboardds,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gokeyboardpro,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gosms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gosms.aemoji,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gosms.pctheme.newmessengerversion2017,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.gosms.theme.getjar.lovepetal,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jb.security,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jg.real.police.car.parking.challenge.game2020,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.jialeinfo.omniksolar,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jima.modern.tuktuk.auto.rickshaw.driving.game.simulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jimdo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jio.myjio,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jio.rilconferences,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jio.web,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.jiochat.jiochatapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jiubang.gosms.wallpaperplugin,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jkfantasy.camera.jkpmagnifiercamera,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jmolsmobile.landscapevideocapture_sample,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jnj.mocospace.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jockeygames.rampcar.stuntsfree.impossibletracks.stuntdriving.mega.car,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.joshy21.vera.free.calendarplus,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.joybox.catshomefree,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.joydo.cnrjb2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.joydo.copsnrobbersJB,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.joyme.chat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jrdcom.filemanager,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.jrj.androidtop,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jrm.batterysaver,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jrummy.root.browserfree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.jrzheng.supervpnfree,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jrzheng.supervpnpayment,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.judi.colorlock,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.judi.dialcolor,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.julian.fastracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jumobile.manager.systemapp,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jumpscare.realjoy2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.junerking.racingcar,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.junglecastleboyX.apt,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.junkremoval.pro,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.juphoon.justalk,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.justalk.kids.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.justunfollow.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.juvomobileinc.tigoshop.gt,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.juvomobileinc.tigoshop.sv,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.jzz.the.it.solutions.always.on.display.amoled,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kakao.talk.theme.apeach,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kakao.talk.theme.ryan,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kakao.talk.theme.summerstory,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kakao.talk.theme.winterstory,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kakaogames.friendsracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kalimatwahikam.sowar.kalam,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kandrolab.a9wal_tobhiro_l3o9oul,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kandrolab.khawater_sowar_app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kapp.ifont,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.karolinaaleksandrova.fastramcleaner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kasindev.mcpe.modamongus,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kasindev.modminecraft,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.kasindev.skintools.mod_ff,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kaskus.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kaspersky.qrscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kauf.particle.virtualmatch,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kauf.princesssalonmakeupfun3d,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kauf.talking.baum.TalkingBabsyBaby,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kauf.talking.baum.TalkingEmilyBaby,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kauf.wrapmyfacefunphotoeditor,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kava4g.gravity,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kava4g.temple,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kava4g.zombie,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kawaii.food,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kawaii.wallpaper.girls.cute.backgrounds,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kaweapp.webexplorer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kayac.type_spin,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kcell.myactiv,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kddi.android.cmail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keek,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keeratipong.minecraftskins,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keeratipong.skineditor3dminecraft,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keeratipong.skineditorminecraft,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.keis.eim_cl_and,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keplerians.evilnun2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keyboard.font,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.keyboardstyle.easyarabic.keyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kfc_polska,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kgs.housedesigner,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,18
com.kguard.KViewQR,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.khmer.keyboard.khmer.language.keyboard.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.khushwant.sikhworld,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kibo.mobi.chelsea.fc.official.keyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kiku.fluffychu,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.killermobile.totalrecall,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kimcy929.secretvideorecorder,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.kingapk.hikamanglais,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kingkodestudio.z2h,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kitkatandroid.keyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kitkats.qrscanner,TOOLS,False,,
com.kivra.Kivra,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kiwi.wabeta,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kkkeyboard.emoji.keyboard.theme.HappyValentineDay,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.kkkeyboard.emoji.keyboard.theme.ParisNight,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.kkkeyboard.emoji.keyboard.theme.RainbowLove,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.kkkeyboard.emoji.keyboard.theme.UKKeyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.kkkeyboard.emoji.keyboard.theme.iColorRain,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.kklivewallpaper.funnycat,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kklivewallpaper.tiger,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kksal55.aglatan_hikayeler,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kksal55.anlamli_sozler,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kksal55.bediuzzaman_hikayeleri,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kksal55.etkileyici_sozler,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kmo.pdf.editor,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kn.bike.race.free.games,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.knuddels.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.koancraft.commando.hawk.offlineshootinggame,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kodelokus.prayertime,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kohei.android.pcmrecorder,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.koikatsu.android.dokidoki2.kr,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kolesnik.feminap,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.kolldwoodapps.kilijosiyam,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.konestcom.joni_yes_papa,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.kongregate.mobile.throwdown.google,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kongregate.mobile.tinkerisland.google,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.koo.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.korrisoft.draw.your.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.koushikdutta.inkwire,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.koushikdutta.rommanager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kpt.xploree.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ksmobile.launcher.theme.neonlife,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kt.android.showtouch,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kt.ktauth,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kt.loudestringtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kt.telephone,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ktcs.whowho,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ktshow.cs,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kuhakuworks.DOOORS,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kuhakuworks.DOOORS2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kunkunnapps.lockscreenemoji,TOOLS,True,,18
com.kuraki.dore8,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kutumb.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kuzgun.giftplay,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.kyivstar.mykyivstar,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kyobo.ebook.b2b.phone.type3,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lab465.SmoreApp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labcave.robberraceescape,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.cartrafficrace,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.motoracer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.motoracing3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.mototrafficracer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.policecardriver,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.policecarracer3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.labexception.truckdrivercargo,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lamonleedev.facetimevideoapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lampe.torcher.flashlight,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lang.lang,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.laposte.bnum.digiposteplus,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.larvalabs.photowall,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.las.offroad.car.parking.driving.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lastpass.authenticator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.launcher.ios11.iphonex,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.launcher.smart.android,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.laurencedawson.reddit_sync,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.lazygeniouz.saveit,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lbe.parallel.intl,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lc.real.motor.bike.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.le.carracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.leah.randomchat.strangervideocall,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.lebleby.gearrace3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lecode.chatranslator,COMMUNICATION,True,,48
com.lego.common.legolife,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lenovo.anyshare.gps,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lenovo.serviceit,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.levelup.touiteur,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lf.real.extreme.suv.offroad.drive.games.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lfantasia.android.outworld,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lge.appcatalog.v2,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lge.mobilemigration,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lge.retailmode,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.lgeha.nuts,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lguplus.mobile.cs,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.libyaphoneguide.showcallername,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.life360.android.safetymapd,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.limetric.ahoy,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.linecorp.linemanth,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.link.messages.sms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.linkedin.android.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.linkit.bimatri,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.linsekog.prince.run3.temple,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.lioncel.NoOneEscape,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lipisoft.quickvpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.litatom.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lithiumdevcom.dostishayari,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.live.girl.video.call,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.live.live4d,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.live.soulchill,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.live.veegopro.chat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.live.videochat.india,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.livechat.random.live.call.livechat,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.livevideocall.randomcall.livechat,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.livevideocallonly.randomvideochat,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.livingabook.theartofwar,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ljmobile.move.app,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.locationlabs.finder.sprint,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lockscreen.kpop,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lockscreen302.pattern,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.locus.scientificcalculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.logan20.fonts_letrasparawhatsapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lokicrafting.zavanigamodern23,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lollipop.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lomotif.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lookandfeel.qrcodescanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lookout,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lottemembers.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.loudtalks,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.love.kiss.stickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lovecallingapps.lovecaller.screen,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.loveshayarisn,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lps.contactremover,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lr.animal.jeep.hunting.drive.sim,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lrhsoft.shiftercalendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lsgames.gotostreet,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lsla.videodownloader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lsvc.vidcall,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lucktastic.scratch,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.luckydeveloper.apkshare,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.luckydroid.droidbase,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.luckynight.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ludashi.dualspace,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ludashi.superboost,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ludashi.superlock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ludia.jw2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.lugat.uzbek_rus,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lumaticsoft.watchdroidphone,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.luutinhit.assistivetouch,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.luutinhit.controlcenter,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.luutinhit.lockscreennotificationsios,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.luzapplications.alessio.topwallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.luzapplications.alessio.walloopbeta,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lvluplife.lvluplife,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lw.highstylelauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.lw.wp8Xlauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lwfd.thailandvpn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.lwfd.vietnamvpn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.macbookpro.macintosh.coolsymbols,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.machipopo.media17,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.macland.qrscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.macrovideo.v380pro,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.macrovideo.v380s,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.madcap.extreme.stunts.gt.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.madpixels.stickersvk,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.madx.updatechecker,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mafaholding.MafaConvNum,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magdalm.freewifipassword,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magdalm.wifimasterpassword,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magi.funnynot,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magic.whatsapp.status.saver.download,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magicjack,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magicpin.local,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.magictouch.xfollowers,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.magiear.handsfree.assistant,TOOLS,False,,
com.magnetic.status,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mail.emailapp.easymail2018,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mail.emails,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mail.hotmail.outlook.email,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.maineavtech.android.grasshopper,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.maize.digitalClock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.majedev.superbeam,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.malangstudio.alarmmon,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.manababa.BeggarKing,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.manababa.BeggarKing2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.manateeworks.barcodescanners,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mandicmagic.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.manevikardeslik.kuran,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mangidy.gbwasahppro.v8.statussaver,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mango.palmreader,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.mapbox.mapboxandroiddemo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.marblelab.jungle.monkey,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.marcow.birthdaylist,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mario.junglechaseofninja,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.marketplace.buy.and.sell.free,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.marsvard.stickermakerforwhatsapp,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.martianmode.applock,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.marykay.mkcatalog,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.masarat.salati,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.maskyn.fileeditor,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mastercomlimited.cardriving_t,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mastercomlimited.racethetraffic,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mastercomlimited.racethetrafficmoto,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mastercomlimited.racethetrafficnitro,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mastercomlimited.zombiedrive,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mastercrafting.minicraftsurvival.microcrafting20,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.match.zhayan,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.matchtech.cafe,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.matchtech.solive,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mate.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.material.components,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mathpad.mobile.android.wt.unit,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.maverick.lobby,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.maxelus.icegalaxylivewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.maxelus.shadowgalaxylivewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.maximolab.followeranalyzer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.maxlab.analogclocksbatterysavewallpaperlite,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mbg.missile.combattankshooting.fightwargame,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.mbg.road.construction.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mcafee.security.safefamily,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mdiwebma.screenshot,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mediafire.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mediamushroom.copymydata,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mediapps.buddhistom,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mediapps.omchakra,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mediocre.commute,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.meetme.android.activities,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.meetup,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mega.car.ramp.impossible.stunt.jump.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.megalabs.disk,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.megaminds.recover.deleted.messages.wmr.statussaver,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.megaphone.cleaner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.meihillman.callrecorder,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.meihillman.screenshot,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.meisterlabs.mindmeister,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.melonsapp.privacymessenger,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.meltingsource.DocsViewer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.memeandsticker.personal,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.memeandsticker.textsticker,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mentisco.freewificonnect,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mervsy.notes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.messages.messaging,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.messaging.textrasms.manager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.messenger.messages.sms.textmessage,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.messenger.messengerpro.social.chat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.messengerfree.forchat,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.metago.astro,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.metamoji.noteanytime,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.methodmobilestudios.Minecraft_Simulator_Free,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mewe,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mg.policebus,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mgameday.DoorsAndRooms3,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mhl.adapter,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mhlhdmi.two,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.android.globalFileexplorer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.android.globallauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.android.globalminusscreen,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.android.globalpersonalassistant,TOOLS,False,,
com.mi.android.go.globallauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.global.bbs,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.globalbrowser.mini,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mi.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.miHoYo.GenshinImpact,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.michatapp.im,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mico,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mico.roam,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microapps.screenmirroring,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microgames.deadninja,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.micromaxinfo.analytics,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microsoft.appmanager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microsoft.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microsoft.todos,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microsoft.translator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.microtech.magicwallpaper3,PERSONALIZATION,True,,12
com.microvirt.launcher2,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mightytext.tablet,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.migrosmagazam,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mikaapp.android,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mikepenz.materialdrawer.app,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,True,,6010
com.million.hd.backgrounds,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mimisoftware.emojicreatoremoticonosemoticones,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mindcandy.popjam,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mine.explorationcraft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.minecrafting.craftbuilding.tubocrafting.mastercrafting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mineworld.mwpe.gpen,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.mingle.FranceCupid,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mini.town.scary.house.games.kids,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.minicades.stockcars,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.minicraft.minecrafting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.minicraftfree.craftingkawii333,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.minigame.carracing,GAME_RACING,False,,
com.minimo.extremeracingadventures,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.minimo.miniracingadventures,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.miniworldblock.krafting202,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mirages.lovestory.stickers,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mirial.lifesizecloud,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mirror.link,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mirrorai.app,COMMUNICATION,True,,391
com.miso,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.missionz.apps.snack.robot.transform,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.missu.im.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mitron.tv,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mizanapps.diary,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mizmowireless.acctmgt,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mizmowireless.vvm,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mizo.counter.terrorist.robot,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mizo.police.counter.terrorist.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mizo.police.robot.transformation2,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,7
com.mizuvoip.mizudroid.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mlive.mliveapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mm.android.direct.gdmssphone,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mm.android.direct.gdmssphoneLite,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mm.happy.family.pet.cat.dog.games.adventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mmircil.cnb2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobadu.BlockyCarRacer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobadu.BlockyFarmRacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobadu.BlockyMotoRacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobadu.Maze,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Server busy, please try again later.',34
com.mobadu.Maze,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,34
com.mobadu.Maze2,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,20
com.mobadu.Mazecrafter,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobi2fun.bangaloremetro,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.mobiistar.clock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiistar.theme.liner,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiistar.theme.material,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiistar.theme.xense,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobikeeper.global,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobile.android.eris,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobile.myeye,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobile.number.locator.phone.caller.location,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobile.number.locator.phone.gps.map,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobile.truecall.tracker.locator.teccreations,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobile_infographics_tools.mydrive,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobileappsteam.myprayer,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobilearts.instareport,SOCIAL,False,,
com.mobiles.numberbookdirectory,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiletracker.location,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiletranstorapps.all.languages.translator.free.voice.translation,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobilexsoft.ezanvakti,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobilexsoft.imsakiye,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobimore.vpn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobint.hololauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobions.asked,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobirate.rovercraft.gplay,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobirix.parkingking,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiu.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiusx.live4dresults,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mobiutil.dreamtalkrecorder,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.mobiversite.lookAtMe,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobrog.surveys.app01,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobzapp.screenstream.trial,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.modern.farming.drone.tractor,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.modern.mansion.maps.castle,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.modiface.makeup,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.modlauncher.modforminecraft.xenthir,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mods.maps.sky.cabanero,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mojang.minecraftearth,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.mom.simulator,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monamourje.taimetoi.maviesms,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.monogramm.sr,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.free.fifty.love,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.free.fifty.romance,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.free.fifty.written,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.free.fifty6,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.free.pencil,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.galaxy.free.flipfont.styles,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.natives.stylish,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.pal.girly,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.pal.hand,PERSONALIZATION,True,,18
com.monotype.android.font.simprosys.fancyfonts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.simprosys.stylishfonts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.theme.script2,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.theme.style,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.android.font.two.arabic,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monotype.whatthefont,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.monstergamesproductions.ramp.moto.rider,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.moobbles.lost.jungle.run2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.morrison.gallerylocklite,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.moslay,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.motarjim.fawri.translator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.moto.racing.rider.mrr,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.motogames.supermoto,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.motooo3D.mod.Cars,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.motooo3D.mod.bendy,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.motorbike.driving.simulator,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.motorola.help,TOOLS,False,,
com.motorola.livewallpaper3,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.motorola.modstore,TOOLS,False,,
com.motorola.moto,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.motorola.mya,TOOLS,False,,
com.motorola.projectormod,TOOLS,False,,
com.motorola.ptt.prip.br,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.movagomir.dashtom,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.movile.playkids.pkxd,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.movistar.android.mimovistar.es,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mp.bike.uphill.race.free,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mp.car.hill.racing.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mplusapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mrnumber.blocker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mrowlandroid,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ms1881,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mt.elevatedcar.drivingtraining.simulators,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.mt.kidsgames.minitown.littlered.ridinghood,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mt.minitown,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mtechviral.flutteruikit,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,True,,2
com.mtn1app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mtngh.mymtn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mtni.myirancell,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mts.talker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mtsfreegames.superherobikemegaramp,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mtsfreegames.trainracingmultiplayer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mtsgames.angrysharksimulator,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.mubawab.iosmubawab,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mubiquo.nestlecocina,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.muhabbatpoint.door.lock.screen.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.multicraft.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.multiverse.jarvis,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mumu.videochat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mumu.videochat.india,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mundoapp.emoticonos,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.muper.radella,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.murad.waktusolat,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.murottallabs.surat.yasin.dan.ayat.kursi.mp3,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.musicringtone.makeringtones.createringtones,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.muslim.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.muslim.prayertimes.qibla.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.muslimtoolbox.app.android.prayertimes,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.muslimtoolbox.app.android.ramadan,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mustardgames.horse.run.fun.race.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mustardgames.muscle.car.stunts.mega.ramp.stunt.car.impossibletracks,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mustardgames.topspeed.formulacar.racinggames,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,10
com.mventus.selfcare.activity,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mx.browser,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mxtech.ffmpeg.v5te,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mxtech.ffmpeg.v6,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mxtech.ffmpeg.v6_vfp,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mxtech.ffmpeg.v7_vfpv3d16,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mxtech.videoplayer.share,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.my.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.my.photo.hindikeyboard.IM,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.myairtelapp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.myappfactory.videochat.livechat,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.myapps.SportsCarWallpapersHD,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mydearjournal,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.myfknoll.win8.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mygate.user,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.myhomescreen.news,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.myhomescreen.sms,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mymandir,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mynamecubeapps.myname,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mynameringtone.mynameringtonemaker.callerringtone.ringtoneapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mypackage.gumb.MR.call,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.myroses.roseswallpaperhd,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mysms.android.sms,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mystalker.profile,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.mytona.seekersnotes.android,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.myyearbook.m,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.n3t0l0b0.blogspot.mpc.view.lite,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.n7mobile.nplayer_1,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nadeem.free_uc,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.naing.cutter,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.naing.mp3converter,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.namastebharat,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.namaztime,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nandbox.nandbox,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.narvii.amino.master,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.narvii.amino.x195570892,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.narvii.amino.x19665645,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.narvii.amino.x244304829,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.narvii.amino.x67,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.naseemprojects.audiostatusmaker,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nate.android.portalmini,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.natewren.linesfree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nativearts.Chinese.Morning,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nativearts.flowers.morning,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nativearts.love.pictures,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nativeinc.apps.Buenosdias,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.naturalmotion.clumsyninja,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.naturalmotion.csrclassics,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.naturalmotion.csrracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.naturalmotion.customstreetracer2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nazara.motupatluhillracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nazara.tinylabproductions.oggy,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nazdika.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nbapstudio.facebooklite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nbcuni.usie.fftakedown,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nbz.phonekeeper,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nearbuy.nearbuymobile,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nebula.mamu.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nect.app.prod,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.necta.wifimousefree,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.neighbors.darkriddle,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.nektome.talk,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nest.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.netease.ko,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.netease.lztgglobal,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.netqin.mobileguard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.neupanedinesh.coolcaptions,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.neupanedinesh.fonts.fontskeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.newTelDialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.newgen.trueamps,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.newpower.apkmanager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nexon.nxplay,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nextcloud.client,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nextdoor,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nextgenxapps.kashif,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nfo.me.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nfwebdev.launcher10,PERSONALIZATION,True,,76
com.nggs.mega.ramps.stunts.driving.challenge,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ngp.police.extreme.car.gt.flying.driver.stunts.city.racing.simulation,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ngp.supercars.eurotruck.transporter.trailer.drive.freeg,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nhnent.payapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nic.mparivahan,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.niceringtonesapps.funrts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nicholascarroll.alien.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.night.clock.nightclock.live.wallpaper.day.night.analog.digitalclock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nightclock.live.clock.alwaysondisplay.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ninexgen.wifi.password.recovery,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nintendo.znma,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nitrogames.coach.bus.parking.hero.best.bus.parking.school.freegames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.nitrogames.offroad.truck.driver.cargo.transport,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nkart.go.golden,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nll.acr,PRODUCTIVITY,True,,263
com.nobroker.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.noodlecake.zombieroadtrip,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nordcurrent.murderinalps,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.nordcurrent.time,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.northghost.touchvpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.notdoppler.crashofcars,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.notdoppler.earntodie2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.notdoppler.earntodielite,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.notdoppler.renegaderacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.notebloc.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.notificationcenter.controlcenter,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.novaplay.chatunseen,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.noxgroup.app.cleaner,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.noyesrun.meeff.kr,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nqmobile.antivirus20,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nqmobile.calculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nsdis,LIFESTYLE,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.nstudio.mtoolkit,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nttsolmare.game.android.munef,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nttsolmare.game.android.nsef,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nttsolmare.game.android.wihef,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nuance.nmc.sihome.metropcs,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nullapp.drivingschool3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nullapp.racer.incarracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nullapp.racer.moto3d,GAME_RACING,False,'Item not found.',
com.nullapp.racer.motofighter3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nullapp.racer.policecarchase3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.numbuster.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nut.id.sticker,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nut.inc.wakeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nxp.nfc.tagwriter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nymgo.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nyxcore.chalang,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.nyxcore.genlang,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.oba.whatsappclone.multiple.account,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.ocapps.routerpage,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.odiiapps.miui12download,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.office.reader.all.docs.viewer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ofirmiron.appdrawer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ogan.status2017,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ohmgames.cheatandrun,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ojassoft.astrology,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ojassoft.astrosage,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.okappz.girlywallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.okappz.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.okerboriou.framedatassf2x,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.olleh.android.oc2,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.omantel,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.omesti.myumobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.onegogo.explorer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.onelouder.baconreader,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.onepic.christmasstickerapp,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.oneplus.brickmode,TOOLS,False,,
com.oneplus.iconpack.square,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.oneway.Deathcoming,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.onex.mobilenumberlocator.callerid.mobile.number.locator.caller.location.tracker,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.onoutati.kalam,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.onprint.generic,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.oomglive.waterfall,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ooredoo.selfcare,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.oovoo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.open.hotspot.vpn.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.openlife.poya,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.openvacs.android.oto,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.opera.max.global,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.opera.touch,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.bluu.jazztel,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.mobinilandme,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.myorange.osn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.myorange.otn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.mysosh,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.orangeetmoi,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orange.phone,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orangefish.app.pokemoniv,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.orbitum.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.orube.adventurellama,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.osmanelbeyi.drift_project,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.osmanelbeyi.parking_cardriver4,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.osmino.wifil,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.otgusb.otgusbexplorer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ots.othkoroni,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.ovbdigital.ppubgstickers,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.overthetopgames.nyxquest,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ovilex.drivingschool2017,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ovilex.drivingschoolsim,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ovilex.realdrivingsim,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ovilex.schooldriving3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.p1.chompsms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pa.caller,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pacific.wildlands,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pacificlive.teenstreaming,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.paksoftwares.ipconfig,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.paktor,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.paltalk.chat.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.panda.likerro,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pandagames.elemental,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pandavpnfree.androidproxy,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.panelManagement.activity,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parallax3d.live.wallpaper.amoled,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.parallax3d.live.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parallax4d.live.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parallel.space.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parame.live.chat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parau.pro.videochat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parau.videochat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parentskit.app,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parking.yenikiz,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.parkingchallenge.dualcarbon,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.partypoopers.roomandahalfarabic,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pcvirt.Computer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pdf.viewer.pdftool.reader.document,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pdfreaderviewer.pdfeditor,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peach.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peachpro.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peacock.flashlight,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peake.hindicalender,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.pectolabs.stickerz,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.pelephone.cloud,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peppermint.livechat.findbeauty,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.perm.kate_new_6,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.permi.coderoute.maroc.sia9a,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peroinc.tiamoostick,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.personal.sticker.maker.wastickerapps,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.peter.images,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.petrik.shifshedule,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pgz.real.firefighter.truck.rescue.missions,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pgz.underwater.train.city.driving.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.phantomapps.memestickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.philtechie.mathcash,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.phone.caller.ringtone.my.name.ringtone.maker,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.phoneBook,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.phongphan.miracast,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.photo.editor.collage.maker.photoblender,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.photo.recovery.deleted.image.recovery.restoredeletedpictures,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.photofy.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.picmax.wemoji,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.picsel.tgv.app.smartoffice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pience.wifi,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.ping9games.sanandreascrimestories,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pinkapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pinoy_food_recipes,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pinpatternlock.applock.fingerprintunlock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pinpinteam.rockcrawling,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pinterest.twa,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.piriform.ccleaner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pixelkraft.edgelighting,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pixelperfectdude.htdrive,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pixsterstudio.instagramfonts,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pizzahut.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.plaeskado.punpop.sso,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.planoly.android,SOCIAL,False,,
com.plantillatabladesonidos,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.plantpurple.emojidom,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.plantpurple.wastickerapps.emojidom.free,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.plato.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.plato.android.mena,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.plattuo.shooting.worldwar2.sniper,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playboy.lifestyle.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playdead.limbo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playextm.stickman.hero,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.playfoxgames.monsterballgo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.playmini.miniworld,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playmobil.explorers,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playmobil.knights,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playrisedigital.ttr,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.playrix.manormatters,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.playwithgames.ServiceStationTrucker,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.po.wer,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pocapp.castlecats,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pocket.mini_spirit_emu,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.poemasdeamorconimagenes,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.pokedex_v1,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.polestar.super.clone,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.pologames16.pocong,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,54
com.pologames16.pocong2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.polyglotmobile.vkontakte,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.poorvika.showcase,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.popa.video.status.download,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.potatofrontier.shimejifun,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.powerd.cleaner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.prefrontalcortex.gyrodroid,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.prezi.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.primetimegames.recklessrider,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.princessschefofiacooking.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.printeron.android.printplugin,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.pro.app.compass,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.proWAStickerApps.happybirthdaystickers.felizcumplestickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.proWAStickerApps.memesmexicanos.stickersmexico,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.proWAStickerApps.stickersemojis.WAStickerApps.emojis,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.probits.argo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.prodege.answer,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.prodege.swagbucksmobile,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.promessage.message,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.prometheusinteractive.voice_launcher,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.promo.ema.followersfinder,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.prosoftnet.android.idriveonline,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.protheme.launcher.winx.launcher,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.psafe.cleaner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.psafe.msuite,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.psiphon3,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.psiphon3.subscription,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.psynet,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ptt.BlueCard,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.publish.craft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pudlus.extreme.drag.racing,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.pure.indosat.care,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.pushbullet.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.q4u.autocallrecorder,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.q4u.vewdeletedmessage,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qbesoft.titktokvideodownloader,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qckmob.truckcartransporthills,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.qhfka0093.cutememo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qiblafinder.prayertime.hijricalendar,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qiblap.hakimiapps,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qihoo.security,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qnap.qfile,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qr.scanner.reader.custom,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qrcode.barcode.scanner.reader.generator.free,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qrcodereaderapp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.quackquack,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.quanticapps.athan,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.quanticapps.quranandroid,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.qube.tinyminer,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.questico.fortunica.german,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.quicinc.voice.activation,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.quityour.pornaddiction.my_goal,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.quoord.tapatalkpro.activity,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.quotes.sadlovemessages,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.quranreading.qibladirection,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rababagames.hajwalah,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racergame.cityracing3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racergame.cityracinglite.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racing.car.crash.turbo,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racing.motorcycle.bike.rider,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.racinggames.indian_train.simulator,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racinggames.mck.busroads,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racinggames.stunts.racing_bike.stunts,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.racingmaste.games,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.radioopt.widget,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.raimbekov.android.sajde,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ram.itsl,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ram.transparentlivewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ramdancalendar.prayettimes.supplications.prayer.times,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ranat_iraqi_ringtones.ranatiraqia.chilatiraqia.dandaniraq,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.randierinc.alldocument.viwer.reader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.randomvideocall.hdvideocalls.livetalk,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.rantaz.sgquoteslife,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.raon.aremotefreegalaxy,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.raptor.furious7,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rare.wallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.raribeir.catolicoorante,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rarlab.rar,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ratana.jazzcat.steampunkdroidfree,PERSONALIZATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.ratelekom.findnow,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rayg.loudringtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rayg.sirenringtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rc.live.livechat3,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rcflightsim.cvall,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rcplatform.livechat,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rcreations.ipcamviewer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rcreations.ipcamviewerBasic,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.readercompany.pdf.reader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.real.launcher.wp.ten,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.real.muscle.car,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.realdriftportnew.sipon,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.realmecomm.app,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.realspeed.racingspeed.supercarracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.realvnc.viewer.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rebelvox.voxer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rebtel.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rec.screen,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.recharge.myrecharge,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.recommended.videocall,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.recovnewsapp.recoveryoldwhtas,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.redlucky.lockscreen.pattern,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.redraw.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.redraw.keyboard.theme.goldkeyboardfree2017version,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.redraw.keyboard.theme.latestkeyboard20171,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.redro.Demonicmanor,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.redwolfama.peonylespark.gp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.reeltoreal.survivor_adventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.refuelgames.rally,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.reliance.jio.jioswitch,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.reliancejio.mobilesecurity,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rememberthemilk.MobileRTM,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.remote.control.universal.forall.tv,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.remotefairy4,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.renard.ocr,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.renderedideas.adventurestory2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.renderedideas.alphaguns,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.renderedideas.jungleadventures,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.renderedideas.jungleadventures2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Server busy, please try again later.',200
com.renderedideas.jungleadventures2,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,200
com.renderedideas.jungleadventures3,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.renderedideas.skaterkid,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,98
com.repost,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.repost.reposta,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.restore.deleted.photos.deleted.photo.recovery,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.reststudio.carracer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.reteampublic.bibliadelostestigosdejehova,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.retro_mania.megaboy_super_nes,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.retromonkey.shoerace,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.retrostylegames.ZombieRHD,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.revesoft.itelmobiledialer.dialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.revesoft.mobiledialer.dialglobe_communication.marrygold,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rfentertainment.rachasdetunadosbrasil,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rgs.airplanegame.cargosimulator.transportgames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.rgs.autorickshaw.citydriving,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rgs.criminalmafia.streetgang.citycar.driveshooting,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.rgs.homedelivery.fastfood.citybike,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rgs.racingchampion.cardriving.snowrace,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rgzstudioteam.noukatdz,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rhmsoft.edit,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ribbyte.darkmode.ig,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rightmove.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rim.mobilefusion.client,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.ringapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ringcredible,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ringid.ring,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ringtonemakerforjiophone.jiotunes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ringtones.freetones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ringtonesofsamsung.bestringtones.galaxys20.notification.sounds.tones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.riteaid.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rizwan.simplepdfreader2018,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rjdeveloper.livetalkfreevideochat,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.ball.robot.transform.bike.robotwar.transformation,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.construction.demolish.robot.transform,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.euro.train.robot.transform.traingames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.rlg.firefighter.truck.robot.transform.flying.horse,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.rlg.firetruck.truckdriving.rescuemission.robotgames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.flying.air.robot.transform.tank.robot.battle.war,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.flying.crocodile.robot.transformation.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.flying.rhino.robot.transform.robot.war.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.rlg.flying.robot.bike.racing.shooter.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.flyingrobot.fightinggame.superhero,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.rlg.flyingrobot.monstertruck.battlegame,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.formulacar.robotcar.fightinggames.robotgames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.future.robot.transform.car.racing,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.rlg.grand.robot.transform.speed.hero.superhero.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.heavy.excavator.robot.helicopter.transform.wars,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.heavy.garbage.truck.robot.transform,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.icecream.robotwar.battles,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.robotgangster.futuristiccity.robotgames,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlg.turtle.vs.rabbit.robot.transformer.wars.game,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rlk.weathers,TOOLS,False,,
com.rm.android.wcps,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rncycle,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.roamingsoft.manager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.roamingsquirrel.android.calculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.roblox.client,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.roblox.cookie.dolls.swirl.surprise.videos.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.robot.water.slide,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.robotemplates.webviewapp,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rocketshipapps.adblockfast,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rockhead.starlit,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rocklio.superjakesadventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rockville.terrorist.shooter.fps,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rockvillegames.thegreatarmy,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rodah.ksanumba,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rodolfogs.nextdooralerts,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.romantic.boyfriend.girlfriend.love.letters,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.roomster,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.root.clean.boost.explorer.filemanager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rope.hero.ninja.gangster.crime.auto.simulator.theft.openworldgame,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.roposo.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rovio.angrybirdsgo,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rozgeramiti.org,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rs.explorer.filemanager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rsa.securidapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rsgio24,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rstream.crafts,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rsupport.mobizen.cn.k.sec,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.rsupport.mvagent,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rsupport.rs.activity.rsupport.aas2,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rtsoft.growtopia,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ruby.groudemu_rubis,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.rucaptcha.rsa,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.runner.forest.monster.woods.head.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.rusdelphi.wifipassword,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.russiatelegram,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.rvappstudios.magnifyingglass,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ryohei.haruki.EscapeRooms,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rzerogames.ParaAsylum,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rzerogames.charlie3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,27
com.rzerogames.charlieasylum,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rzerogames.charliechalle,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.s.antivirus,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.s9launcher.galaxy.launcher,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.s_d_u.ExtremeXRayRobotStunts,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sabaidea.aparat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.safeway.client.android.safeway,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.safira_blue.kyogre_zafiro,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sah.randomvideo.livechatcall,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.samsung.accessory,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsung.android.app.watchmanager,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsung.android.email.provider,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.samsung.android.galaxycontinuity,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.samsung.android.homemode,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.samsung.android.mobileservice,TOOLS,False,,
com.samsung.android.oneconnect,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.samsung.android.privateshare,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.samsung.fingerprint,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsung.msci.aceh,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsung.oh,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsung.privilege,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsung.th.galaxyappcenter,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.samsungwallpaper.hdwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.samvat.marathicalander,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sandboxol.indiegame.eggwars,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sandboxol.indiegame.luckyblock,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sandboxol.indiegame.skywar,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sanhe.clipclaps,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sanji.jasper_hsieh.sdpscanner,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sanketika.simplerangolidesigns,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.saranomy.skinstealer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sasuke.meetsgram,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.satochan3955.signalrefreshw,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.saxvideocall.livetalk,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.saxvideocall.randomchat,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sayhi.plugin.moxi,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.scandit.demoapp,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.science.wishboneapp,SOCIAL,False,,
com.scnc.cameraendscopes,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.scnc.sdcardrepairfixx,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.scorp.who,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.scp.maps.horror.mod.addon.escape,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.screenovate.dell.mobileconnect,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.scripps.android.foodnetwork,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sd.arabickeyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sd2labs.infinity,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sdcard.damage.Formatter,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sdcard.repair,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sec.android.easyMover,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sec.app.samsungprintservice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sec.mygalaxy.NEBangS,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sec.print.mobileprint,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.secretdiaryappfree,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.secureapps.antitheft,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.security.antivirus.clean,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.security.xvpn.z35kb,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.securityandprivacy.android.verizon.vms,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.securus.videoclient,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sedevelop.dict.fritfl.free,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sega.sprint,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.segundalinea.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.semerkand.semerkandkitaplik,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sensopia.magicplan,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.services.movistar.ar,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sevegame.voicerecorder,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sewichi.client.panel,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sfr.android.vvm,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sg.cartransport.trucktransporter.towgames,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sg.whatsdowanload.unseen,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sgiggle.mango,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sgs.antiterrorism.counterattack.commandomission,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sgs.antiterrorism.counterattack.commandomissiongame,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sh.smart.caller,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shaadi.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shanab.dunebashing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shareitagain.mymoodsmiley,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shareitagain.whatslov.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shareitagain.whatslov.wastickerapps,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sharkdevelop.platincoins,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sharpen.kdygen,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sharper.lovesms,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shell.sitibv.motorist,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shg.superhero.captain.flying.street.crime.infinity.war,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shikudo.focus.google,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shinycore.fonts.dietersteffmann.b,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shinycore.fonts.kimberlygeswein.a,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shutterstock.consumer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sigmacodetech.boyshairstyle,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.signal.android,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.signes.astro,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.signify.hue.blue,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sigono.heaven01,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.sika524.android.quickshortcut,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.simple.tok,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.simple_different.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.simplemobiletools.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.simpler.dialer,COMMUNICATION,True,,262
com.simpler.merge,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.simplestairs.stairscalculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sina.weibo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sir.racing.ultimatecardrivingsimulator,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sir.racing.ultimatecardrivingsimulatorclassics,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sir.racing.ultimatemotorcyclesimulator,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.siri.flowerwallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skgames.trafficracer,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skgames.trafficrider,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skitto,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skmc.okcashbag.home_google,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skollabs.wallpaper,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skout.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skt.prod.cloud,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
com.skt.prod.dialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skt.smartbill,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skt.tjuniorparents,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skt.tmaphot,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skuld.calendario,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sky.sea.cashzine,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.skyappsguru.appsguruluckyvideocall,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.skydot.docxreader.docx.docxviewer.document.doc.office.viewer.reader.word,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skytech.dronefpv,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.skyunion.android.keeplock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sleepwalkers.diary,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.slingshot.car,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.slow.motion.editor.camera,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.slowlyapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sm.nzc,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sm.phoneringtones,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sma.lovelockscreen,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smallbeautiful.racerking,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smart.mobile.lin.love.pattern.locker,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smart.mobile.lin.photo.keypad.locker,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smart.swkey,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smartapp.donottouch,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smartcoach.callrecorder01,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smartcom,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smartfren,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smartwho.SmartFileManager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smgstudio.thumbdrift,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smokoko.careatscar3,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smothersolution.callernameandlocation,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.sms.littlecare,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sms_messages.amour.touchant,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.smsbox.love_box,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smscolorful.formessenger.messages,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.smsplus.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.smustafa.praytimes,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snaappy,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snailvpn.androidproxy,TOOLS,False,,
com.snapchat.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snatchapp,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.sniper.deer.hunting,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snowcorp.stickerly.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snrblabs.grooveip,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snstu.kapaksozler,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sntown.messengerpal,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.snv.infosoft.internetspeed4gfast,PERSONALIZATION,True,,2
com.softcaze.g.boulevoyance3,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.softdroid.samsung.s8.launcher.theme,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.sohu.inputmethod.sogou,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.soko.girly.cute.kawaii.teen.girls.wallpaper.HD,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.solid.color.wallpaper.hd.image.background,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.solodroid.solovid,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.soloseal.awesomealarmclock,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.solotech.apps.document.viewer.reader.scaner.pdfreader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sonelli.juicessh,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.sontung.screenmirroring,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sony.dtv.HomeTheatreControl,PERSONALIZATION,False,,
com.sony.dtv.smarthelp,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.sonyericsson.digitalclockwidget2,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.sonymobile.getmore.client,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.sonymobile.smartconnect.hostapp.ellis,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.sonymobile.xperiatransfermobile,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.soomapps.qrandbarcodescanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.soomapps.screenmirroring,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.soomgo,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.soulapps.superloud.volume.booster.sound.speaker,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.soulfromhell.mydiary,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sp.protector.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sp.smartgallery.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sparkslab.dcardreader,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sparrow.demolitionderbycr,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.spbtv.test,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.speakandtranslate.voicetranslator.alllanguages,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.speaktranslate.englishalllanguaguestranslator.ivoicetranslation,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.speaktranslate.tts.speechtotext.voicetyping.translator,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.specialyg.ippro,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.speech.text.translate,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.speedsoftware.explorer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.speedymovil.wire,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.spider.ropehero.superhero.gangstercrime,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.spilgames.mtc,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.spirit.web.zoo.forest.wood.apps,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.splendapps.splendo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.splendapps.torch,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sportsgame.stuntmotoracing.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.spotbros.activities,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sprint.ms.smf.services,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.squareenix.lis,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.srbd.ml2fdt.vr.environment,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sri.mobilenumberlocator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.srin.indramayu,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ss.fps.gun.action.battleground,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ss.squarehome2,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sssgov.sssmobileapp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stackwares.android.storysaver.facebook,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.staircase3.opensignal,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.starbucks.tw,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.starscapes.vrdemo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.startialab.actibook,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.statuses,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.statussaver.statusdownloader.videodownload.statussaverapp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.statussaver.wapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stc,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.steadfastinnovation.android.projectpapyrus,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stealthcopter.nexusrevamped,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stereo.app,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.sticker.keren,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.stickerlimited.PerangStickerFBLucuForWAStickerApps,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stickernatal.myapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stickers.tamilandastickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stickers.undertale,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stickersdeamor.stickerconfrasesdeamor,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.stickersgraciosos.stickersgraciososconfrases,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stickify.stickermaker,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stickotext.main,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stopper.hittheroad,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.stories.scaryhorrorstories,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.stormbreakxr.snow.mountain.bike.racing.motocross.race,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,3
com.storz_bickel.app.m_vap,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.studio.coolmaster.coolerapp.cooling,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.studio.zm.statussaver,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.studioappspremium.skinmodkarmaland,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.studiosoolter.screenmirroring.miracast.apps,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.studiowildcard.wardrumstudios.ark,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.studyhallentertainment.proMX2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.styluslabs.write,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.submad.waterfall.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.sugs.police.highway.chase,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sugs.prado.car.adventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.suiarts.DenturesAndDemons,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.suns.gem,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sunstar.arapolice,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.superandroid.quicksettings,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.superbinogo.jungleboyadventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.superbinogo.jungleboyadventure2,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.superjungleworld.zabazacazama,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.superlive.liveapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.supervank.sv,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.supervpn.vpn.free.proxy,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.surgeapp.zoe,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.suruhanholdmod.skinfrom.skintoolsff,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.surveysampling.mobile.quickthoughts,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.survjun,LIFESTYLE,True,,4
com.suvivarcraftpalace.mastercraftgame.world2020,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.svgs.multiraft3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.svrlabs.attitude,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sweetuchat.live,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.swiftariel.browser.cherry,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.sykora.neonalarm.free,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.symantec.familysafety,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.symantec.mobilesecurity,TOOLS,False,,
com.symcoding.widget.stickynotes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.syncme.syncmeapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.synology.DSdownload,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.syntomo.email,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ta.offline.strike.force,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tadarose_quran,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tafssir.ahlam,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.taggedapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.takbir.universal.prayer.times,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.takimi.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.talkatone.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tambu.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tambucho.miagenda.trial,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tamil.voicekeyboard.language.voicetyping.chat,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tangerine.live.cake,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tangiappsit.motupatlu.cycling.adventure,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tangiappsit.shiva.cyclingadventure,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tanjiro.demonslayer,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.tap2fun.survivor.prision.escape.breakthejail.prisonstorm,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tapinator.legendary.stuntman.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.taptrip,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tastielivefriends.connectworld,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.tattoodo.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tbegames.and.best_moto_race,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tbegames.and.carracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tbysdl.elemental,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tcl.android.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tct.calculator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tct.note,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tcx.sipphone14,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tdcm.android.trueyou,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.te.virtual.mother.family.simulator,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.team.assistivetouch.easytouch,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teammt.gmanrainy.themestore,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teamto.angelo.ujbr,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teamviewer.quicksupport.addon.lg,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teamviewer.quicksupport.market,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teamwhite.wajpro,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.techforia.newchatstyleforwp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.techgeekz.thoughtsbylegends,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.technologyservices.cme,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.technolts.alwayson.display.amoled.screen.free,PERSONALIZATION,True,,7
com.techpro.livevideo.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tecomen.android.objectdetector,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tekxperiastudios.pdfexporter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telefonica.movistar,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telenordigital.contacts,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telepacket.TpSmart,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telkomsel.roli,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telkomsel.telkomselcm,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tellm.android.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telltalegames.batman200,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telltalegames.fables100,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telltalegames.walkingdead100,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.telltalegames.walkingdead200,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.telmex.mitelmex,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telos.app.im,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telstra.mobile.android.air,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teltechcorp.trapcall,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.telus.myaccount,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.temple.escape,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.templejunglerun.bigmobi,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tempmail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tempnumber.Temp_Number.Temp_Number,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tencent.mobileqq,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.tencent.voov,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tengle.miriam,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teniubi.moto.rider,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tenlogix.makeupme.salon,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tenqube.notisave,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.teragon.skyatdawnlw.lite,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.teslamotors.tesla,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.test.dialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tester.wpswpatester,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.testfoni.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.textmeinc.freetone,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.textmeinc.textme,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.textmeinc.textme3,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.textra,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.texty.sms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tf.thinkdroid.viewer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
com.tgb.modern.flag.forces.shooting.game.action.commando.sniper.mission.igi.shootsniper,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tgelec.setracker,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tgif.girly.lock.screen.wallpaper.with.quotes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thalia.diamond.zipper.lock.screen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thanksgod.gaming.mod_ff_skin,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thankyo.hwgame,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.the7art.skatingrinkwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thebasicapp.duck.hunting.season,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.theentertainerme.entertainer,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thegamebeast.ninjasaga.superheroarchery.assassin.kungfu.arashi.free.ninja.action.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thegamebeast.worldwar.survival.frontline.grandshooting.free.action.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thegosa.huaweithemes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.thegosa.miuithemes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.themausoft.wpsapp,TOOLS,True,,43
com.themonsterit.EngineerStarter,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.theruralguys.stylishtext,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thesilverlabs.rumbl,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thg.antiterroristsquadshooting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thinkmobile.accountmaster,SOCIAL,False,,
com.thinkyeah.smartlockfree,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thm.forest.animal.hunter,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thm.jungle.dinosaurs.hunting,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thmobile.rollingapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thoptv.thoptvGuide,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.threestar.gallery,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.thuvienphapluat.vn1,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ticktalk.cameratranslator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ticktalk.translatevoice,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ticktockapps.android_girlywallpapers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tiggel.truthordareparty,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tik.tok.tiktok.follower.fans.fan.like.analysis.app,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.tikfans.app,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tikfollowers.follower.like.tiktok.tik.tok.fans.likes.app,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.timehop,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.timesgroup.magicbricks,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.timespread.Timetable2,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.timuzgames.bikeracing2018,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.timuzgames.stuntmaster,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.timuzsolutions.bikemaster3d,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tinder,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tinder.tinderlite,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.tinybuildgames.helloneighbor,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.tinyco.familyguy,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tinyco.potter,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tiqiaa.remote,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tiramisu.driftmax2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tiramisu.driftmaxworld,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tkgm.parselsorgu,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmeapps.go.launcherex.theme.love,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmeapps.go.launcherex.theme.waterdrops,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmestudios.emojilivewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmestudios.livewallpapermagic,PERSONALIZATION,True,,105
com.tmestudios.livewallpapers4,PERSONALIZATION,True,,132
com.tmestudios.neonflowerswallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,True,,111
com.tmestudiosclocks.liveclockwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmob.AveaOIM,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmobile.services.nameid,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmobile.tuesdays,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tmobile.vvm.application,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tms,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tnkfactory.adzzle2,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tntgames.boomcraft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.toendit.callernamelocationtracker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tohsoft.app.locker.applock.fingerprint,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tohsoft.arashi.ninja.shadow,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tohsoft.mail.email.emailclient,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tohsoft.pdfreader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tokasiki.android.voicerecorder,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tomatomusic.j7,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tombayley.volumepanel,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tomdxs.symafpv,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tomdxs.symafpv180209,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tomdxs.symagonewlib,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tomdxs.ultradronenew,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tomer.alwayson,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ton.tarotofoz,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tool.photoblender.facechanger,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tools.screenshot,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tooploox.ussd,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.topface.topface,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.topfreegames.bikeracefreeworld,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.topmobgames.criminalway,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.topoflearning.free.vibering.medical.advanced.biology.exam.review,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.toppan.shufoo.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.torch.lampe.flashlight,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.toucangames.grand.city.battle.auto.theft,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.toucangames.policedog.survival,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.toucangames.surgerygames.surgerysimulator.dentistgames.bracesgames,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.touchfoo.swordigo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.touchtalent.bobbleapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.touchtype.swiftkey,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.touchtype.swiftkey.beta,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.towneers.www,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.toxiclab.redball,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.toyota.tcapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tpc.girly.lock.screen.withquotes,PERSONALIZATION,True,,3
com.tplink.skylight,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tplink.tether,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tppm.purple.diamond.flower.zipper.lock.pattern,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tpx.top80bestringtones.newringtones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tracfone.preload.accountservices,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tracfone.straighttalk.myaccount,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tracfone.tracfone.myaccount,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tracfone.wifiutility,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tracfone.wifiutility2,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trackerapps.whatsaptracker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trackinglabs.parceltracker,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.traffic.rider.dd,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.XOSLauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.carlcare,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.filemanagerx,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.hilauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.magicfont,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.phonemaster,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.transsion.tecnospot,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.trassion.infinix.xclub,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.traze.contacttraze,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.treemengames.pako,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.treemengames.pako2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.treemengames.pakoforever,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trendingwallpaperapp.pdfconverterultimate.allpdf.PDFconverter,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trendmicro.freetmms.gmobi,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.treydev.micontrolcenter,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.treydev.mns,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tricolorcat.calculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.triplens.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trkstudio.tasbeehcounter,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trueaxis.jetcarstuntslite,GAME_RACING,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.truecaller,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.truecallerr.live.mobile.gps.location.finder.callerid.callblocker.caller.tracker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.truedevelopersstudio.automatictap.autoclicker,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.truegames.explorationpro2018,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.truemobile.caller.location.callerid,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.trulymadly.android.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.trustedapp.pdfreaderpdfviewer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.truthordare.pro,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tsdc.selfcare,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tsg.ultimate.monster.jeep.parking,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tsmc.salamplanet.view,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tsua.my.secret.diary.lock.photo,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tsumanga.winx,GAME_RACING,False,'Item not found.',
com.tt.mega.ramps.ultimate.races,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.tt.superhero.bike.stunt.gt.racing.mega.ramp.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tuanfadbg.assistivetouchscreenrecorder,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tuanfadbg.controlcenterios,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tuenti.messenger,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.tulip.crazy.rollercoaster.simulator,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tumblr,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turbo.speedracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turbo.stars,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turborilla.MadSkillsMotocross2,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turingame.doranen,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turkcell.bip,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.turkcell.sesplus,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turner.super_slime_blitz,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.turner.surelyyouquestemea,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tuya.smartlife,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tvtwo.highest.paying.cash.app.make.money.surveys.rewards.free.income,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
com.tweakersoft.aroundme,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tweddle.toyota.entune,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.twgames.creepy.street.secret.crime.scaryneighbor.escape.game,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.twidroid,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.twitchyfinger.google.minilegend,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.twodate.app,SOCIAL,True,,557
com.twoo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.twosteps.twosteps,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.twoxlgames.mxoffroad,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.tysonibele.questkeeper,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.u2opia.woo,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.uberblic.parceltrack,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ubisoft.redlynx.trialsfrontier.ggp,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uc.browser.en,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uc_browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ucc.webbrowser.app_2020,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
com.ucimini.internetbrowser,COMMUNICATION,True,,12
com.ud.offroad.bus.city.driving.master,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.udicorn.proxy,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ultimate.car.parking.stunt.driving,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ultimategamestudio.mcpecenter.modmaker,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ultimategamestudio.mcpecenter.mods,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ultra.applock,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ume.browser.international,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.umna.free_uc,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.umuro.ertugrul,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.umuro.ertugrulgazi,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.umuro.osman,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.unbordered,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.undabot.android.njuskalo,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.uniqlo.id.catalogue,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uniqlo.kr.catalogue,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.upjers.zoo2animalpark,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uplus.oemsearch,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.us.Policecopcardrivingsimulater,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.us.police.car.transform.robot.war,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.us.police.train.robot.transformation,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.usamp.mobile,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uscc.ecid,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.used.aoe,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ushareit.cleanit,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ushareit.lockit,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.utagoe.momentdiary,LIFESTYLE,True,,237
com.uxlayer.wipoint,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uysal.wifi,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.uzngames.labo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vadeapps.frasesdemaloka,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vajatts.nok,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vardex.achaar_mossawara,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vardex.download_pictures_for_whats,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vas.androse,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.vbms.vipgamebooster,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
com.vbv.instalike,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.babygamermod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.bigtankmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.blackdrakonmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.chestsironmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.fairyworddinomod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.jumpportalmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.lambovsportsmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.newalivemod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.sportbikesmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.supercarfmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vcraftmodsstudio.toolsgamesmod,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.vcsapps1.party_invitation,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vectorunit.cobalt.googleplay,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vectorunit.purple.googleplay,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vectorunit.yellow,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.veg.virtual.family.simulator.pet.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.veon.izi,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.verizon.contenttransfer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.verizon.messaging.vzmsgs,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.versosamarico,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vestel.cloud,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vewd.core.integration.dia,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.vg.airplane.pilot.bike.transporter.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vg.crazydrivertaxi,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vg.crazypoliceduty,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vg.luxury.wedding.city.car.driving.games,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vg.survival.island.lostworld.escapemission,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.victo.mario.adventure.classic,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
com.victorygroup.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.video.light.best.callflash,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.videocall.randomcallapps,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.videochat.livchat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.videochat.livu,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.videostatus.uv,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.videotapechats.app,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.vido.particle.ly.lyrical.status.maker,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.viettel.mocha.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.viettran.INKredible,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vincellstudios.hiddenescapelosttemple,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vincentlee.compass,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vingroup.vinid,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vinsmart.contacts,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.vinsmart.messaging,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.vinson.shrinker,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
com.vinwap.glitter,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.virtualsim.royal.princess.subway.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.virus.hunter,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.visa.asiapacific,LIFESTYLE,False,,
com.vishwa.statusdownloader,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vivashow.share.video.chat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vive.riderleague,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vive.stuntcar,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vividgames.gravity.rider.zero.bike,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vivo.newfeaturedemo.v9,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.vk.admin,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vk.stream,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.vmb.lichvannien.new2018,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vmons.app.alarm,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vmv.tokyo,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vndynapp.motorracing,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.vndynapp.mxmotocross,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vodafone.selfservis,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.voicechat.live.group,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.voillo.androiddialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vox.mosippro,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.voxofon,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.voxofon.videocalls,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.vpn.free.hotspot.secure.vpnify,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vpnbottle.melon.free.unblock.fast.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vpnmasterx.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vs.gravity.launcher.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.vsl.blocky.service.workshop.carwash.craft.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vsray.remote.control,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vt.love.photo.frame,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vzw.ecid,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vzw.hss.myverizon,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.vzw.hss.myverizontabletlte,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wSignosdelDiloggun_8241646,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,True,,1554589895
com.waf.birthdaywishes,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.waf.husbandmessages,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.waf.lovemessageforgf,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.waf.wifemessages,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wallpaper.hai.city,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wallpaper.livewallpaper.RaindropsLiveWallpaperHD8,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wallpaper.wallpapers.fortnite,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wallpapers.battleroayleseason11,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.waplog.social,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wastickerapps.arabicstickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wastickerinc.wastickerhot,COMMUNICATION,False,,
com.wastickers.funnybean,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.watagame.skymo,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.keyboard.theme.aquariumanimatedkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.keyboard.theme.diamondanimatedkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.keyboard.theme.hellfireanimatedkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.keyboard.theme.steampunkanimatedkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.keyboard.theme.trueloveanimatedkeyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wave.livewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.waveapplication,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wavemarket.finder.mobile,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wavemarket.waplauncher,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.waybefore.fastlikeafox,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wb.goog.legoswtfa,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wb.goog.sdmc,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
com.wdc.wd2go,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.weareher.her,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.webascender.callerid,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.webgames.ghosts,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.webstar.walkies,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wecut.staridol,SOCIAL,False,,
com.wedmegood.planner,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wedo1.CrazyDeathRace,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wedo1.DeathMoto4,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wedo1.SpeedNight3,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wegochat.happy,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.weheartit,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.weico.international,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wephoneapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.weplay.motogp,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wetransfer.app.live,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wfp2.realapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatdir.stickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whats.whatsbox,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatsapp.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatsapplock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatsapplock.gallerylock.games2play,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatsdog.chatwatch.chattrack,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatsphone.messenger.im,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatstools_filesender_app_free_pdf_video_gif_document,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatsweb.app,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whatweb.clone,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wheelsON,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whicons.iconpack,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whitepages.search,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whitesquare.animaltransform,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whooming.WhoomingMobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whoshere.whoshere,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.whox2.lguplus,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wifi.hotspot,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wifi.password.all,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wifiaudio.FABRIQ,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wiko.services,TOOLS,False,,
com.wild.dino.hunter.free.shooting.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wimosalsafi.wifi.password.anywhere.map.connection.hotspot.wifianalyzer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.winzip.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.withmkt.moolban,LIFESTYLE,True,,88
com.wix.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wolf.gamebooster.free,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wolvesinteractive.traffictour,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wolvesinteractive.traffictourbike,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wond.tika,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.wondershare.mirrorgo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wondershare.pdfelement,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wordmobiles.horse,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wordsmobile.RealBikeRacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wordsmobile.speedracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.workpail.inkpad.notepad.notes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.world3dgames.rushKartRacing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.worldclass.status.downloader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wot.first.war.the.earth,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wow.keypad.lock.screen,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wpa.android.wifi.display,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wpl.police.hummer.car.quadbike.car.chase,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wpl.police.parking.formula.car.simulator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wrapp.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ws.free.motor.bike,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wsandroid.suite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wsandroid.suite.tmobile,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wstickapps.stickerfamiliapeluchewa,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.wtrack_android,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.x8bit.bitwarden,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xbrowser.play,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xenonstudio.serversformcpe,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xenonstudio.serversforminecraft,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xerox.printservice,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xexon.battles8fortnite,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xformgames.gokartgoultra,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xharma.chatbin,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.xiachufang,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xiaomi.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xiaomi.midrop,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xiaomi.smarthome,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xinmei365.font,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xiwi.inumen,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xlab.xdrop,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xllusion.livewallpaper.bubble,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xllusion.livewallpaper.galaxylight,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xllusion.livewallpaper.sakura,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xogrp.planner,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xos.iphonex.iphone.applelauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xti.wifiwarden,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xtream_codes.nchoufiptv,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xtreme.construction.simulator.heavy.crane.game,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xvideostudio.videoeditorlite,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xw.art.aquarium3d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xxmassdeveloper.mpchartexample,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xyz.frasesdeamor,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.xyz.videosfortiktok,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
com.yadavapp.clocklivewallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yadavapp.keypadlockscreen,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yadavapp.lockscreen.photo.pattern,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yalantis.myday,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yamuir.pivotrecorder,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yandex.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yanflex.craigslist,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yasinseyhan.duavesureler,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yellowgames.yellowcraft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.yeoboya.com.yeoboya,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yiyo.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yiyolite.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yochat.freechat,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.yogbwasapp.fullgb,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yollacalls,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yoti.mobile.android.live,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.yougov.mobile.online,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.youmail.android.vvm,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ypf.jpm,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ytb2020.subforsub,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
com.yumy.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ywqc.picbeauty,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zact.truck.driver.simulator.free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zadeapps.birthday,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.zaku.live.chat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zayan.ui2,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zaz.translate,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zeeplive.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zengge.wifi,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zentertain.flashlight3,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zerofour.turboleague,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zeroneapps.flashlight,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zeroneapps.uygulamapaylas,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zhekapps.leddigitalclock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zhihu.android,SOCIAL,False,,
com.zhiliaoapp.musically,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zhiliaoapp.musically.go,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.ziipin.softkeyboard.saudi,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zinn.Gpsrouteaddressfinder,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zinn.currentmobiletrackerlocation,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.zlc.PoliceChase,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zong.customercare,COMMUNICATION,True,,13
com.ztapps.lockermaster,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.ztnstudio.notepad,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zuuks.city.driving,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.zuuks.city.driving.free.roam,GAME_RACING,False,'Item not found.',
com.zz.motox,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
comp.Tari9at_Fen_Ta3amol_M3a_Nas,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
comp.conseils.religion,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,True,,12
company.coinpop.coinpop,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
con.hotspot.vpn.free.master,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cool.f3,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cool.monkey.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cool.wallpapers.live.keyboard.steampunk.pipes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
copydata.cloneit,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
couplelove.wastickerapps.stickers,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cr.go.ice.mav.activity,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
craft.witch.bubbles,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
customstickermaker.whatsappstickers.personalstickersforwhatsapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cyberware.diasdasemana,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
cyberware.imagensbomdia,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cyberware.wallpapersfofos,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cz.hipercalc,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cz.psencik.com.android.contacts,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
cz.rozkovec.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
dailymotivation.quotes.quotesandstatus.picturequotes.textonphoto.motivationalquotes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
dcmobile.thinkyeah.recyclebin,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.avm.android.fritzapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.blinkt.openvpn,COMMUNICATION,True,,156
de.devmil.minimaltext,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.dhl.paket,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.glamour.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.immonet.mobile.flathunting,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.mcdonalds.mcdonaldsinfoapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.mcoins.fitplay,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.md.meinmd,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.mobileconcepts.cyberghost,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.orrs.deliveries,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.resolution.yf_android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.romantic.whatsapp.stickerpack,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.rossmann.app.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.telekom.android.customercenter,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.telekom.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.telekom.protectmobile,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.tellonym.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.timewaver.timewaver,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.wgsoft.scanmaster,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
de.yuzhi.supervpn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
demo.galmoori.datausage,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
developper_studio.kisas.al_anbiyae,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
diamond.quest.dont.rush,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
dk.mymovies.mymovies3forandroidfree,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
document.scanner.scan.pdf.image.text,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
doglicksscreen.ihs.com,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
drawing.lessons.sketch.how.to.draw.portrait,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
dream.my.HappyBirthdayGIF,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
dreamgamez.helicopter.gunship.commando.strike,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
droom.sleepIfUCan,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
dsu.crcl.urdukeyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
duleaf.duapp.splash,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
dz.condor.Condorpassport,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
earth.craft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
easy.to.read.kjv.bible,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
easydating.com.eddate,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eco.jinju.ulibrary,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
edenred.mx.mobile.services,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
edu.skku.skkulibrary,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.frases,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.frasesamor,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.frasesindiretas,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.frasesmotivacao,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.frasesparastatus,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.frasesreflexao,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
elementare.legendasparafotos,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
emoji.keyboard.emoticonkeyboard,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
equipe.wallpaper.supercarswallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
es.aeat.dgc.mobile,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.aeat.pin24h,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.odilo.ceibal,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.rafalense.telegram.themes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.rafalense.themes,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.socialpoint.dragonland,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
es.softwareknights.qmiran,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.transfinite.stickereditor,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
es.vodafone.mobile.mivodafone,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
esfreeesdomain.dungeonnightmaresfree,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eu.dreamup.speedracingultimate3free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eu.dreamup.speedracingultimatefree,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eu.dreamup.ultimatemotocross2free,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eu.gls_group.mobile.consig,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eu.iserv.webapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
eu.tsoml.graphicssettings,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
example.aem.bluprintssmartprint,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
explore.web.browser,COMMUNICATION,True,,33
eyeson.visocon.at.eyesonteam,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
faceapp.aging.young.ai.face,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fahrbot.apps.undelete,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fancyclean.cleaner.boost.privacy.antivirus.mini,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fashiondressesideas.gellyapps,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fast.boost.cleaner.speed.clean.safe.plus,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fast.download.privacy.internet.explorer.im,COMMUNICATION,False,,
fast.explorer.web.browser,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fast.phone.clean,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fast.safe.guard.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fb.video.downloader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fgs.RusSuvs2,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
fgs.rus4x4SUVs,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
file.manager.filemanager.browser.files,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
filemanager.fileexplorer.manager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
film.orago.legend.videomaker.scopic,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
finarea.MobileVoip,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fingerprint.applock,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fire.wallpaper.live.keyboard.lone.wolf,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fishnoodle.aquarium_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fishnoodle.clouds_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fishnoodle.jumpgate_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fishnoodle.koipond_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fishnoodle.photospherewp_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fishnoodle.storm_free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fm.clean,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
four.g.lte.only.network.mode.dual.sim,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fourbottles.bsg.workinghours4b,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fr.anuman.MyDreamHome3D,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fr.cyberce.android,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,True,,23
fr.freemobile.android.vvm,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fr.pap,LIFESTYLE,True,,158
fr.pated.seashine,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fr.purpletear.ledernierjour,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
fr.sentinellesdelanature,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
free.call.international.phone.calling,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
free.call.international.phone.wifi.calling,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
free.call.international.voip.phone.number.wifi.whatscall.freecall.callglobal.billing,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
free.mobile.internet.data.recharge,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
free.tik.tok.fans.followers.likes.hearts.fame.v2,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
free.translate.all.language.translator,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
free.vpn.unblock.proxy.freenetvpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
free.vpn.unblock.proxy.securevpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
free.vpn.unblock.proxy.vpnpro,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
freedom.bubble,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
galaxys9ringtones.ringtonesfors9.notifications,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
gallery.hidepictures.photovault.lockgallery,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
games.mini.sports.bodybuilder.fighting.gym,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
games.traffic.racing.in.car,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
gb.what.gbw.gbwhatsapp.whatsapp.gbbb.whatsgb.whattsappgb.lattestversion.gb2020,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
genius.mohammad.floating.stickies,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
get.instagram.followers.unfollowers,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
get.lokal.localnews,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
gfxtool.gamebooster.gfx,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ghatak.download.shortvideo,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
ginlemon.flowerfree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ginlemon.sltheme.morph,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ginlemon.sltheme.ubuntu,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
glitter.live.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
global.juscall.android,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
gogolook.callgogolook2,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
gold.rose.live.wallpaperHD,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
goldenshorestechnologies.brightestflashlight.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
goldtusks.doron.nirvana,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
gr.stasta.mobiletopographer,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
grandcraft.grand.loco.craft.ditsye.crafting.building.games,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
grasea.familife,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
gt.farm.hkmovies,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hami.nezneika.instavideodownloader,SOCIAL,True,,40361
happy.new.year2019.live.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,True,,97
hd.uhd.wallpapers.best.quality,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hdmi.connector.five,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hdwallpaperthemes.emoji.live.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hdwallpaperthemes.iloveyou.live.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hdwallpaperthemes.rose.live.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
helectronsoft.com.grubl.live.wallpapers3d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
helectronsoft.com.live.wallpaper.pixel4d,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hellomobile.hello,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
hien.newsvoicereader,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
hindicalender.panchang.horoscope.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hint.horoscope.astrology,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
home.solo.launcher.free,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hotspotshield.android.vpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hr.titaniumrecorder.android.free,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
hssb.android.free.app,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
id.b2u.tutorialtermuxid,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
id.co.babe,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
idm.full.free,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
im.kumu.ph,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
im.status.ethereum,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
im.thebot.messenger,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
imagetopdf.pdfconverter.jpgtopdf.pdfeditor,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
imoblife.memorybooster.lite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
imoblife.toolbox.full,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.cdac.bharatd.agriapp,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
in.co.smartboy.animator,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.fulldive.applicationslauncher,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.gov.uidai.mAadhaarPlus,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.gov.umang.negd.g2c,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.mohalla.video,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.mygov.mobile,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
in.teleplus,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.vineetsirohi.customwidget,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
in.yourquote.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
inc.trilokia.addon.graphics.manager,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
inc.trilokia.addon.instant.boost,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
inc.trilokia.addon.preference.manager,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
inc.trilokia.gfxtool.free,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
inc.trilokia.pubgfxtool.free,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
indian.browser.indianbrowser,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
info.androidstation.hdwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
info.androidstation.qhdwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
info.martinmarinov.dvbdriver,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
info.vazquezsoftware.stickers,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
info.vazquezsoftware.tarot,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ingles.espanol,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
instagram.photo.video.downloader.repost.insta,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
instagram.status.hd.images.video.downloader,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
instagram.video.downloader.story.saver,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
intelligems.torrdroid,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
io.chingari.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.cleanfox.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.clubhouse.clubhouse,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
io.github.routerkeygen,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.github.x_wei.flutter_catalog,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.happybrowsing,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.hexman.xiconchanger,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.hyperhug.mr.slice,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
io.meter.wallet,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.mrarm.mctoolbox,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.multiple.clone,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.nein.chatrecorder,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
io.venti,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.walkietalkie,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
io.wifimap.wifimap,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ipcamsoft.com.smartdashcam,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
iplay.mobiletracker.location.livemap,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
ir.android.baham,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ir.mci.ecareapp,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
islamicsongs.nasheed.nashydlagu,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,,
isticker.stickermaker.createsticker.stickersforwhatsapp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.aruba.pec.mobile,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.dtales.sbk16,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.fi.appstyx.giuntialpunto,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.ideasolutions.amerigo,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.italiaonline.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.medieval.blueftp,COMMUNICATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
it.mm.android.relaxforest,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.mm.android.relaxnight,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.mm.android.relaxrain,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.pagopa.io.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.telecomitalia.centodiciannove,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.tolelab.fvd,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.tuomuseo.fatherandson,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
it.vodafone.my190,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jacob.kakao.emoticon,COMMUNICATION,False,,
jcsla.randomtalk,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
join.alldreamsahlam.tafsirholmi,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
jonessamuelren.far.home.spider.hero.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
jp.Appsys.PanecalST,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.aeonretail.aeon.kidsrepublic,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.aeonretail.aeon_okaimono,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.ameba,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.a_tm.android.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.airfront.android.a2chMate,SOCIAL,True,,282
jp.co.canon.android.printservice.plugin,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.excite.translate,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.lawson.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.nitori,LIFESTYLE,True,,22
jp.co.quadsystem.skyphone,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.rakuten.mobile.rcs,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.rakuten.pointclub.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.rakuten.pointpartner.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.sej.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.yahoo.android.ybackup,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.co.yahoo.android.ybrowser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.cocone.pocketcolony,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.cydg.store.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.ecstudio.chatworkandroid,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.eqs.apps,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.gree.android.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.gungho.yww,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.jppost.designkit,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.mixi,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.naver.lineplay.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.ne.goo.oshiete.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.ne.kutu.Panecal,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.pxv.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.r246.twicca,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.softbank.mb.dmb,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.tanyu.SmartAlarmFree,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.telnavi.app.phone,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
jp.uuum.blueman,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
jp.xrea.poca.antennapict,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
justforu.romanticpictures,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
justforu.shivaaltb,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kaagaz.scanner.docs.pdf,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kdev.restore.deleted.photos,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kdev.restoredelete.photos,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ken.yipc.client,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
kika.emoji.keyboard.teclados.clavier,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kisslove.wastickerapps.stickers,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
koi.fish.water.lwp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
kr.ac.kookmin.kmulibrary,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.aladin.elibrary,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.happymoney.android.happymoney,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.icross.kyocharo,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.ivlog.mobile.app.cjonecard,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.kork7app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.libtech.sponge,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.reigntalk.amasia,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.rinasoft.howuse,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.co.vcnc.android.couple,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.core.technology.wifi.hotspot,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
kr.go.apllibrary,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
kr.go.minwon.m,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.go.nts.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.go.safekorea.sqsm,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.go.safepeople,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
kr.or.imla.ebookread,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
kr.sira.measure,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.sira.metal,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.sira.sound,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.sira.unit,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kr.xdg.and.id5,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
krk.timerlock.timervault,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kz.altel.mobile.ss,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
kz.beeline.odp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kz.onay,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
kz.post,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
la.droid.qr.priva,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lea87crzz.tu.secreto,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
leagueofmonkeys.torqueburnout,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lg.uplusbox,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lgt.call,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
live.ablo,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
live.wallpaper.for.girls,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
livechat.randomchat.videochat.com.bambado,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
livemobilelocationtracker.teccreations,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lk.bhasha.helakuru,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lk.dialog.megarunlor,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lk.etisalat.cloud.fwd.smpl,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lmontt.cl,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lone.wolf.wallpaper.live.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lt.noframe.fieldsareameasure,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
lv.indycall.client,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ly.omegle.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ma.galb.galb,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
ma.mazdev.adan.algerie,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
mag.com.test.headset,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
malayalam.keyboard.malayalam.stickers.app,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
me.bluemail.mail,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.bridgefy.main,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.craftsapp.nlauncher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.craftsapp.video.wallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.curiouscat.app,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
me.dingtone.app.im,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.freecall.callglobal,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.freecall.callindia,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.gira.widget.countdown,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.latergram.latergramme,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.nextplus.smsfreetext.phonecalls,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.number.app.im,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.parlor,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
me.talkyou.app.im,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.tango.roadriot,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.togather.wave,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.truecontact.free,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.twrp.twrpapp,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.wiman.androidApp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
me.yenisu.girlym.artwallpapers,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
meavydev.ARDrone,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mega.privacy.android.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
memesconfrases.stickers.wastickerapps,COMMUNICATION,False,,
menion.android.locus.addon.ar,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.chat.social.messenger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.chat.social.messenger.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.messenger.messenger.messenger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.messenger.videocall.messenger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.pro.messenger,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.social.chat.apps,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
messenger.video.call.chat.free,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
metro.win.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
mf.myeg.com.eservicemobile,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
mg.locations.track5,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
migatown.tocalifeworld.homeplusguide,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
mingle.android.mingle,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mini.video.chat,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
mm.cws.telenor.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mnw.mcpe_maps,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.HolidayCalender,LIFESTYLE,True,,11
mobi.browser.flashfox,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.drupe.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.freeapps.flashlight.free,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.gameguru.racingfever,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.gameguru.racingfevermoto,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.infolife.appbackup,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.infolife.eraser,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.infolife.taskmanager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.infolife.uninstaller,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
mobi.media.recoverdeletecontact.tool,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
mobi.skred.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.smeshariki.bibi,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.smeshariki.krosh,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.smeshariki.newyear,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.smeshariki.winter,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.smeshariki.wishes,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mobi.square.sr.android,GAME_RACING,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
mozat.rings.loops,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
muchoapps.frasesdelavida,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
multi.parallel.dualspace.cloner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
muscle.loseweight.fitness.fatburning.exercise,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
mx.weex.ss,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
my.Frank,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
my.photo.picture.keyboard.keyboard.theme,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
mydiary.journal.diary.diarywithlock.diaryjournal.secretdiary,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
name.kunes.android.launcher.demo,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
name.mixalwan.com,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
name.ratson.uiexplorer,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nar.my.racingg,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nebulaxgames.zombiewatch,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
net.Amanita.Design.Machinarium.GP.Demo,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.alkafeel.mcb,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.alph4.photowidget,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.audiko2.pro,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.bigbearentertainment.android_ho_guardians,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.cashpop.id,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.chatp,COMMUNICATION,True,,104
net.cybrook.trackview,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.daum.android.cafe,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.daum.android.daum,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.daum.android.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.daylio,LIFESTYLE,True,,70
net.dev.devfordevayv,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.doc.scanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.elgamel.konma3aallah,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.flashsoft.flashvpn.activity,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.iGap,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.idt.um.android.bossrevapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.imusic.android.dokidoki,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.kiraatalafkar.newyear2018,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
net.kosev.scoping,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.kreosoft.android.mynotes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.lokicraft2020.craftingnew.craft,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.megawave.flashalerts,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.nrise.wippy,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.omobio.airtelsc,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.omobio.robisc,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.omobio.smartsc,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.openvpn.openvpn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.rayandev.habibgalbi,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
net.rayandev.tahtasaadra,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
net.shreejicreation.flashlight,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.sjang.sail,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.superdash.xboom,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.tubemine,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.xblacky.animexwallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.yolonet.indiacall,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
net.zedge.android,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.zhuoweizhang.mcpelauncher,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
net.zhuoweizhang.pocketinveditor,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
netplace.hashtags.likes,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
new.WAStickerApps.babyfunnyfaces.stickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
new.WAStickerapps.bigfunnyemojis.sticker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
new.WAStickerapps.cartoonsanimated.sticker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
newking.james.version.BIBLE,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
news.buzzbreak.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
news.circle.circle,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nithra.horoscope.marriage.vivah.matching,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nithra.tamilcalender,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nl.vogelbescherming.wadvogels,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
no.my.craft.mini.world.crafting.adventure.games,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
notizen.basic.notes.notas.note.notepad,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
np.com.nepalipatro,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
np.com.njs.autophotos,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nu.bi.moya,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
nu.mine.tmyymmt.aflashlight,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
object.lioupp.client,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
object.liouzx.client,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ok.GjIFapp.mollramadane,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
omegle.tv,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
onehundred.doors.horror,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
online.appstation.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
online.cashemall.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
oo.mawakif.na,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.adblockplus.adblockplussbrowser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.adw.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.androidworks.livewallpaperrosefree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.androidworks.livewallpaperwatervr,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.androidworks.villagevr.villagevr,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.awallet.free,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.blockgames.jura,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.commcare.dalvik,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.commcare.lts,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.compressor.imagecompress,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
org.dandroidmobile.xgimp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.dayup.gnotes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.easyweb.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.evolutionapps.televolution,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.findmykids.child,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.game69studio.nobworld,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.getlantern.lantern,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.goldenquran.freesoft,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.goodwall.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.kivy.pictures,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
org.kivy.pygame,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.kustom.widget,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
org.malwarebytes.antimalware,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.mopria.printplugin,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.mozilla.rocket,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
org.nanobit.hollywood,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.nixgame.ruler,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.opencv.javacv.recognition,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.openintents.filemanager,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.proxydroid,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.reyfasoft.reinavalera1960,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.roccat.swarmapp,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.rojekti.clipper,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.sipdroid.sipua,COMMUNICATION,False,targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
org.spaceapp.cleaner,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.speedspot.speedanalytics,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.telegram.plus,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.tgi.notestakingfree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,,
org.whiteglow.keepmynotes,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.withouthat.acalendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
org.wordpress.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
org.zywx.wbpalmstar.widgetone.uexaaagg10003,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
original.alarm.clock,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
park.exchange.client.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
park.hotm.email.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
park.outlook.sign.in.client,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
pch.apps.pchsweeps,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pdf.document.scanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pdf.reader.pdfreader.pdfviewer.pdfreaderfree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pdf.scanner.scannerapp.free.pdfscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pdfviewer.pdfreader.pdf,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pe.gob.sunat.movil,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ph.spacedesk.beta,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
phone.antivirus.virus.cleaner.junk.clean.speed.booster.master,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
phone.cleaner.speed.booster.cache.clean.android.master,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
phone.id.faker.real.one,COMMUNICATION,False,,
phone.speedup.cleanup,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
photo.video.instasaveapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
photo.video.search.location.editor.mixer,COMMUNICATION,False,,
photography.blackgallery.android,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
pk.pitb.gov.insafimdad,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.dotsystems.fastlink,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
pl.dotsystems.newroz4g,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.infinzmedia.electricscreenfree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.infinzmedia.rosefree,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.interia.czateria,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
pl.locon.gjd,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.moniusoft.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.nenter.app.flashlightgalaxys,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.netigen.diaryunicorn,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.solidexplorer2,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.techland.dyingLight.CA,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,,
pl.tmobile.miboa,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pl.wp.wppoczta,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
planetevoyance.amour_voyance_fille,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
play.game.big.craft.sundbox,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
playit.videoplayer.musicplayer,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
polis.app.callrecorder,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
princ.lifestyle.CoupleWidget,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
privacy.explorer.fast.safe.browser,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pro.appus.likulatorfb,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pro.browser.speedbrowser7g,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pro.smart.cleaner.boost,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
pro.whatscan.whatsweb.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
proxima.easymoney.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
qibla.compass.finddirection.hijricalendar,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
qlocker.gesture,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
qrcodereader.barcodescanner.scan.qrscanner,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
qrscanner.barcodescanner.barcodereader.qrcodereader,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
qt.door,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
quick.browser.secure,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
race.arena.io,GAME_RACING,False,'Item not found.',
radium.compass3,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
reactivephone.msearch,COMMUNICATION,True,,76
realfollower.reallikess.favoriteappindia,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ridmik.keyboard,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ridmik.keyboard.classic,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ro.autovit,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ro.telekom.myaccount,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ro.vodafone.mcare.android,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
rose8.namazdualariinternetsiz,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.afisha.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.altarix.mos.pgu,SOCIAL,True,,105
ru.appache.findphonebywhistle,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.beeline.services,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.empiregames.maze3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.evg.and.app.flashoncall,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.gamespace.myfridge,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
ru.gonorovsky.kv.livewall.earthhd,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.ifsoft.network,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.iiec.pydroid3.quickinstallrepo,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.impossiblequest.two,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.lextre.cr3d_ru,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.mail.cloud,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.mail.horo.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.mail.love,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.mail.mailapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.mamba.client,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.megafon.mlk,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.mts.mymts,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.pluspages.guests,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.prodigydev.climbcraft3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.prodigydev.craftahead3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.prodigydev.minemaze3d,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,21
ru.rostel,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.tele2.mytele2,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.vsms,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ru.wall7Fon,PERSONALIZATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ru.waxtah.jadv,GAME_ADVENTURE,True,,920
ru.yandex.mail,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
s20ringtones.bestringtones.tones,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sa.fadfed.fadfedapp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sa.gov.moi,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
saf.adw.theme.samoled,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
saga.game.jungle.monkey.run,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sagaapps.games.game.mobilenumbertracker,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sami.pro.com,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sami.pro.keyboard.free,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
samsungs10ringtones.ringtonesforgalaxys10.s10originaltones,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
saveit.whatsappstatussaver.whatsappsaver,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
scientific.math.calculator,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
scratch.lotto.raffle.luckygold,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
scratch.lucky.money.free.real.big.win,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
se.ica.handla,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
se.nena.nenamark2,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
se.scmv.morocco,LIFESTYLE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
se.viento.pinchos,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
secure.explorer.web.browser,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
security.intruder.catcher.snoop.thirdeyec,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sg.bigo.hellotalk,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sg.bigo.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sg.bigo.live.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sg.ndi.sp,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sh.whisper,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
shamimsoft.shamimyas,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sharefiles.sharemusic.shareapps.filetransfer,TOOLS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
shareit.lite,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
short.video.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
silver.luxury.watch.wallpaper.live.keyboard,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sjakkie.nl.vogels,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sk.inlogic.hillzombieracingearntodie,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sk.inlogic.templerush,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sk.michalec.SimpleDigiClockWidget,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sk.zdarma.nice.analog.clock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
slide.photoWallpaper,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
slime.simulator.time.asmr,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
smalltownboys.rc,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sms.goday.com.msg,COMMUNICATION,False,'Item not found.',
sms.mms.messages.text.free,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sms.smslegal.free,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
smsr.com.acc,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
smsr.com.cw,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
smsringtones.besttones.notificationsounds,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
spanish.stickers.wastickerapps,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sparking.mobile.location.lions.llc,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sparrow.peter.applockapplicationlocker,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
spider.stickman.gta.gtastickman.city.crime,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
spunky.opengl.gps.paralleldriver,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
ss.hindi.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
statussaver.deleted.messages.savevidieos,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
statussaver.statusdownloader.savestatus.downloadstatus,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
stickermaker.android.stickermaker,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
stickers.memetflix,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
stickers.network,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
stickerwhatsapp.com.stickers,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
stickmanfigh.stickmanlegends.stickmangame,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
stopwatch.timer.app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
stranger.chat.live.video.chat.random.messenger,SOCIAL,True,,101
strangers.chat,SOCIAL,False,'Item not found.',
studio.coldstream.minecraftlwp,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
sun.way2sms.hyd.com,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
superheroes.herogames.spider.rope.hero.battle.fighting.apps,LIFESTYLE,False,'Item not found.',
swifty.recoverdeletedata,PRODUCTIVITY,False,'Item not found.',
system.android.booster,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
system.optimizer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
systems.maju.darkmode,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tatarnykov.stan.mopeioandroid,GAME_ADVENTURE,False,'Item not found.',
tdp.app.col,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tdt.galaxys6.theme.launcher,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tech.drone_spot.DroneSpotAndroid,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
tech.hexa,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tech.plink.PlinkApp,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tecyou.com.faceposty,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
th.co.crie.tron2.android,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
th.co.the1.the1app,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
th.co.truecorp.hpack,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
the.joevlc,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
the.pdfviewer3,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
timeshunt.odia.calendar,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tk.crazydevelopers.whatsdirect,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tk.simplyapp.pbccalendar,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tkstudio.autoresponderforwa,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tm.app.worldClock,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tntstudio.supercompass,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
today.wootalk.mobile,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
tool.keypad.locker.lockscreen,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tool.scanner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tool.scanner.qrscan.barcodescan,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
toolmediaapp.invitationcardmaker,PERSONALIZATION,False,'Item not found.',
tools.widget.light.flashlight,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
top.pivot.community,SOCIAL,True,,10003
topringtones.newringtones.sonneries,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tr.com.tiramisu.driftmax,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tr.com.tiramisu.driftmaxcity,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tr.com.tiramisu.gracing,GAME_RACING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tr.com.turkcell.akillidepo,PRODUCTIVITY,True,,404
truecaller.caller.callerid.name.phone.dialer,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
truecaller.caller.callerid.name.phone.dialer.app,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
turbo.micro.craft.exploration.crafting.bekel,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tv.mixch.android,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.clotai.easyreader.sync.syncagentgoogledrive,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.com.gamer.android.activecenter,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.gov.npa.callservice,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.llc.fortunename,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.llc.free.farmers.calendar,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.mobileapp.qrcode.banner,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
tw.mobileapp.qrcode.barcode.ultra,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ua.gov.diia.app,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ufovpn.free.unblock.proxy.vpn,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
uk.co.digitalclockwork.apps.android.anonymoustexting,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uk.co.ee.myee,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uk.co.musicMagpie,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uk.co.roboticode.prayersandblessings,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uk.co.roboticode.wordsofjesus,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uk.tapmedia.qrreader,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
unlimited.securevpn.freevpn,TOOLS,False,'Item not found.',
uplus.membership,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
us.acremote.tools4tv,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
us.current.android,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
us.gospeed.speedvpn,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
us.hakimapps.callernamepro,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
us.ultrasurf.mobile.ultrasurf,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
usaap.bahn.com.gnt,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uttarpradesh.citizen.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uyg.fetvalarfree.com,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uyg.hzmuhammed.com,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uyg.islaminsartlarifree.com,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uyg.kuranhatmiseriffree.com,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
uyg.yasiniseriffree.com,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
valentine.love.emoji.free,SOCIAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
vault.gallery.lock,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
veg.network.mediaplayer,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
video.chat.joi,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
video.chat.peachat,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
video.like.lite,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
videostatusmaker.videostatus.boo,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
vn.icheck.android,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
vn.weplay.lichvannien,LIFESTYLE,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
vpnproxy.connect.freevpn.key,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
vstc.eye4zx.client,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,'Item not found.',
walkie.talkie.among.us.friends,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
wallpaper.transparent,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
wastickerapps.stickersforwhatsapp,COMMUNICATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
web.browser.emu.explorer,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
web.dassem.websiteanalyzer,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
webexplorer.amazing.speed,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
whistlephonefinder.findphonebywhistle,PERSONALIZATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
wimlog.com.myandroidtest4,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
winter.whatsapp.status.save.statussaver,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
works.jubilee.timetree,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
ws.clockthevault,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
www.extremedroid.com.a4gltetoolkit,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
www.speak.com,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
xbean.image.picture.translate.ocr,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
younow.live,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
yqtrack.app,PRODUCTIVITY,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
yudo.work.saitosan,SOCIAL,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
za.co.digital22.bootstrap4,LIBRARIES_AND_DEMO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
za.co.vodacom.android.app,COMMUNICATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
zekitez.com.satellitedirector,TOOLS,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amazon.mp3,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.soundcloud.android,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
us.zoom.videomeetings,BUSINESS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.linkedin.android,BUSINESS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.asus.ia.asusapp,BUSINESS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.cisco.webex.meetings,BUSINESS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.box.android,BUSINESS,False,,
com.duosecurity.duomobile,BUSINESS,False,,
com.glassdoor.app,BUSINESS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.google.android.apps.giant,BUSINESS,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.yellowpages.android.ypmobile,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.airbnb.android,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.trivago,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.expedia.bookings,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hcom.android,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.orbitz,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.hotelscombined.mobile,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.phonepe.app,FINANCE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
net.one97.paytm,FINANCE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.paypal.android.p2pmobile,FINANCE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.wallet.crypto.trustapp,FINANCE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.infonow.bofa,FINANCE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.finance,FINANCE,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.zellepay.zelle,FINANCE,True,,161
com.youdao.hindict,EDUCATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
com.bible.kids,EDUCATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
gov.nasa,EDUCATION,True,,58
com.udemy.android,EDUCATION,True,,226
org.khanacademy.android,EDUCATION,False,Does not exist for the given sdk_version,
air.com.rosettastone.mobile.CoursePlayer,EDUCATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.memrise.android.memrisecompanion,EDUCATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
no.mobitroll.kahoot.android,EDUCATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.mobilicos.howtomakeorigami,EDUCATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.bravolol.bravolang.englishchinesecdictionary,EDUCATION,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.contextlogic.wish,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alibaba.aliexpresshd,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.alibaba.intl.android.apps.poseidon,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.walmart.android,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shopee.br,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.rfi.sams.android,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kohls.mcommerce.opal,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.kroger.mobile,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.contextlogic.home,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shopback.app,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.shopee.th,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.amazon.now,SHOPPING,False,'Item not found.',
com.cvs.launchers.cvs,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.iherb,SHOPPING,False,Download unavailable for the given sdk_version,
com.target.ui,SHOPPING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.audible.application,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mobisystems.msdict.embedded.wireless.oxford.dictionaryofenglish,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
bn.ereader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tfd.mobile.TfdSearch,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,True,,80
best2017translatorapps.all.language.translator.free,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,True,,16
livio.pack.lang.en_US,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.biblia,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.prestigio.ereader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
kjv.bible.kingjamesbible,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
joansoft.dailybible,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.goodreads,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.qidian.Int.reader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.merriamwebster,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.pratilipi.mobile.android,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,True,,76
pdf.reader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
tv.telepathic.hooked,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,True,,50
com.ebooks.ebookreader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,True,,50041
sanity.freeaudiobooks,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,True,,125
com.urbandictionary.android,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,,
com.offline.bible,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
ebook.epub.download.reader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
books.ebook.pdf.reader,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.search,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.greetingsisland.sam,EVENTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.chic.colorfuldiscolights2,EVENTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.survival.maps.redstone,EVENTS,True,,2
app.mywed.android,EVENTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.amitech.allevents,EVENTS,True,,98
net.mazein.weddingcounter,EVENTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.getweddie.app,EVENTS,True,,15
my.birthdayreminder,EVENTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.scores365,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.virgil.basketball,SPORTS,False,%s - targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.uefa.ucl,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingnewsfree,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingben,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.gingersbirthdayfree,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingtom2free,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ismaker.android.simsimi,ENTERTAINMENT,True,,395
com.metropcs.metrozone,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.adsk.sketchbook,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
qtstudio.minecraft.modsforminecraftpe.world,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sec.android.app.shealth,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,,
homeworkout.homeworkouts.noequipment,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.xiaomi.hm.health,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fitbit.FitbitMobile,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,,
loseweight.weightloss.workout.fitness,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.eyefilter.nightmode.bluelightfilter,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sonymobile.lifelog,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nike.ntc,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,,
softin.my.fast.fitness,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,True,,54
com.garmin.android.apps.connectmobile,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
jp.ne.hardyinfinity.bluelightfilter.free,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
steptracker.healthandfitness.walkingtracker.pedometer,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.alltrails.alltrails,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.runtastic.android.results.lite,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tinymission.dailyworkoutsfree,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.waze,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tranzmate,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gettaxi.android,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tomtom.gplay.navapp,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.kartatech.karta.gps,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gps.route.finder.mobile.location.tracker.maps.navigation,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.eztech.gps.maps,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,True,,20
com.maps.voice.navigation.traffic.gps.location.route.driving.directions,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,,
com.grabtaxi.driver2,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.sharewire.parkmobilev2,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.easypark.android,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.raisingapps.gpsroutefind.tracklocation.nearplaces,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,True,,32
com.passportparking.mobile,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.maps.navigation.offlinemaps.traffic.gps.location.directions,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.streetview.penorama.liveearthmap,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ubercab.eats,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.application.zomato,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mcdonalds.mobileapp,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dd.doordash,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.subway.mobile.subwayapp03,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.Dominos,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.grubhub.android,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nzn.tdg,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.deliveryclub,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.emn8.mobilem8.nativeapp.bk,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.starbucks.mobilecard,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.papajohns.android,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sei.android,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.yum.pizzahut,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.opentable,FOOD_AND_DRINK,True,,2115921
com.yummly.android,FOOD_AND_DRINK,True,,105
com.wendys.nutritiontool,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,,
com.dineout.book,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dunkinbrands.otgo,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.hp.pregnancy.lite,PARENTING,True,,351
com.becloser,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
org.findmykids.app,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.wte.view,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
family.tracker.my,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.urbandroid.babysleep,PARENTING,True,,35
com.facemama.gestograma,PARENTING,True,,13
com.gravid.gravid,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.screentime.rc,PARENTING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zoobagames.android.hamilelik,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
ru.fedr.pregnancy,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.wondershare.famisafe,PARENTING,True,,44
com.mindcandy.sleepstories,PARENTING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.quvideo.xiaoying,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ss.android.ugc.trill,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.whatsapp,COMMUNICATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
fr.gouv.android.stopcovid,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
uk.nhs.covid19.production,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.szyk.myheart,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
es.gob.radarcovid,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
jp.go.mhlw.covid19radar,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.easymobs.pregnancy,MEDICAL,True,,53
com.atomic.apps.medical.drug.dictionary,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.atomic.apps.medical.disease.condition.dictionary,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.interactivespecializedsoftware.bloodpressurediary,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
ar.com.fennoma.psicotest,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
medical.offline.Dictionary,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mobisystems.msdict.embedded.wireless.oxford.concisemedical,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.free.body.temperature.tracker.fever.thermometer.test.checker.log.scan.diary.info.history.convert.celsius.fahrenheit,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.drugscom.app,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rohiapps.bloodpressureRecorder,MEDICAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sec.android.gallery3d,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,,
com.motorola.cameraone,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,,
io.faceapp,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
jp.naver.linecamera.android,PHOTOGRAPHY,True,,141
photo.editor.photoeditor.photoeditorpro,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gallery20,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zentertain.photoeditor,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zentertain.photocollage,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.pixlr.express,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.winflag.instalens,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.amazon.clouddrive.photos,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
photo.android.hd.camera,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
photo.selfie.beauty.candy.camera,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.yubitu.android.YouFace,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
codematics.universal.tv.remote.control,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.move.realtor,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.chbreeze.jikbang4a,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.trulia.android,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.icandesignapp.all,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zillow.android.zillowmap,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
es.roid.and.trovit,HOUSE_AND_HOME,True,,7093
com.locon.housing,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.freeirtv,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zumper.rentals,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.homes.homesdotcom,HOUSE_AND_HOME,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.inditex.ecommerce.zarahome.android,HOUSE_AND_HOME,True,,77
com.dsrtech.menhairstyles,BEAUTY,True,,19
com.piupiuapps.hairstyles,BEAUTY,True,,16
com.sweetandbeautyhdcameras.stepstepmakeup,BEAUTY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.styleseat.promobile,BEAUTY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
skin.beauty.xtandroid.dailybeautycare,BEAUTY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
yamayka.apps.NailsTutorial,BEAUTY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bloomberg.android.plus,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.particlenews.newsbreak,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cnn.mobile.android.phone,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.yahoo,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.griffincommunications.droid.news9,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.divum.ibn,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,True,,66
ma.safe.bnus,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.treemolabs.apps.cbsnews,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.wildec.dating.meet4u,DATING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.asiandate,DATING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.coffeemeetsbagel,DATING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.instagram.android,SOCIAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.facebook.katana,SOCIAL,False,,
com.twitter.android,SOCIAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
uk.co.autotrader.androidconsumersearch,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cars.android,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,True,,165
com.trovit.android.apps.cars,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,True,,6658
com.carwale,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.truecar.mobile.android.consumer,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.driveus.dmvapp,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,True,,6
com.pakwheels,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.autozone.mobile,AUTO_AND_VEHICLES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.canva.editor,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sec.penup,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.madcat.easyposer,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.axis.drawingdesk.v3,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,,
com.doodle.master.draw.glow.art,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ng_labs.paint,ART_AND_DESIGN,True,,4
com.kidspaint.kaushalmehra.drawingfun,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.CalligraphyLettering.kamiati,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sonymobile.xperiaweather,WEATHER,False,,
com.graph.weather.forecast.channel,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.transsion.weathers,WEATHER,False,,
com.tct.weather,WEATHER,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.live.wea.widget.channel,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.chanel.weather.forecast.accu,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.weather.forecast.weatherchannel,WEATHER,True,,45
weather.forecast.storm.radar,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
weather.forecast.alert.storm.radar,WEATHER,True,,15
com.weatherteam.rainy.forecast.radar.widgets,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.channel.weather.forecast,WEATHER,True,,18
com.tohsoft.weather.radar.widget,WEATHER,False,'Item not found.',
com.dailyforecast.weather,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nice.accurate.weather,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
tools.weather.forecast,WEATHER,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.droidteam.weather,WEATHER,True,,85
com.naver.linewebtoon,COMICS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.iconology.comics,COMICS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.marvel.comics,COMICS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.appmag.endless.temple.princessfinaljungleozrunfrozen,COMICS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.webcomics.manga,COMICS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.pratilipi.comics,COMICS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.samsung.knox.securefolder,BUSINESS,False,,
flipboard.boxer.app,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.kiloo.subwaysurf,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sec.android.app.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
com.miniclip.eightballpool,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.imangi.templerun,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.halfbrick.fruitninjafree,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.mytalkingtomfree,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
me.pou.app,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.mytalkingangelafree,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.supercell.clashofclans,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.imangi.templerun2,GAME_ACTION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fungames.sniper3d,GAME_ACTION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ludo.king,GAME_BOARD,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
video.like,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dywx.larkplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.com.rodrigokolb.realdrum,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.afmobi.boomplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fundevs.app.mediaconverter,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gaana,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,'Item not found.',
com.atomic.apps.ringtone.cutter,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.agminstruments.drumpadmachine,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.smule.singandroid,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
media.music.musicplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.springwalk.mediaconverter,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sofeh.android.musicstudio3,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gamestar.perfectpiano,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,'Item not found.',
com.sonyericsson.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
com.miniclip.footballstrike,SPORTS,True,,19
com.forthblue.pool,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.firsttouchgames.dls3,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.firsttouchgames.story,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
jp.konami.pesam,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.billiards.city.pool.nation.club,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.touchtao.soccerkinggoogle,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
eu.nordeus.topeleven.android,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ea.gp.fifamobile,SPORTS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cricbuzz.android,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.popularapp.periodcalendar,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.huawei.health,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.grabtaxi.passenger,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.olacabs.customer,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.baviux.voicechanger,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingangelafree,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tubemote.app,ENTERTAINMENT,True,,12
com.amazon.avod.thirdpartyclient,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.digidust.elokence.akinator.freemium,ENTERTAINMENT,True,,111
com.outfit7.tomslovelettersfree,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.scee.psxandroid,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jio.jioplay.tv,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkinggingerfree,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingpierrefree,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sweetfuirt.candy,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bitmango.rolltheballunrollme,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.king.candycrushjellysaga,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.disney.wheresmywater2_goo,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bigduckgames.flow,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zeptolab.ctr.ads,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.playrix.fishdomdd.gplay,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.differencetenderwhite.skirt,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.europosit.pixelcoloring,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.shootbubble.bubbledexlue,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.whereismytrain.android,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mobisystems.office,BUSINESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.commsource.beautyplus,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.motorola.photoeditor,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,,
com.ufotosoft.justshot,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.vsco.cam,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jb.zcamera,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.camerasideas.instashot,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cam001.selfie,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.venticake.retrica,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.halfbrick.jetpackjoyride,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.angrybirdsseasons,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.game.SkaterBoy,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sega.sonicdash,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nordcurrent.canteenhd,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mediocre.smashhit,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.FDGEntertainment.redball4.gp,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.apex_designs.payback2,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
at.ner.lepsWorld2,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rioo.runnersubway,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bestcoolfungames.antsmasher,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.alien.shooter.galaxy.attack,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dvloper.granny,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
at.nerbrothers.SuperJump,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.namcobandaigames.pacmantournaments,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.robtopx.geometryjumplite,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.natenai.glowhockey,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.biglime.cookingmadness,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fungames.blockcraft,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.mobigame.zombietsunami,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nekki.vector,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ubisoft.hungrysharkworld,GAME_ARCADE,False,'Error retrieving information from server. DF-DFERH-01',
com.rovio.angrybirds,GAME_ARCADE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
ru.sberbankmobile,FINANCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tocaboca.tocakitchen2,GAME_EDUCATIONAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.edujoy.masha.games,GAME_EDUCATIONAL,True,,46
com.sinyee.babybus.shopping,GAME_EDUCATIONAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
bubbleshooter.orig,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.supercell.hayday,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
bubble.shooter.shooting.shoot.game,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.playrix.gardenscapes,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.playrix.homescapes,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.baba,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
air.au.com.metro.DumbWaysToDie2,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
bubble.shoot.bubbles.game.saga.world,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.playrix.township,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.budgestudios.HelloKittyNailSalon,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.midasplayer.apps.bubblewitchsaga2,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.king.farmheroessaga,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingtom,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftDMHM,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.king.petrescuesaga,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.mytalkinghank,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
game.bubble.shooter.dragon.pop,GAME_CASUAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.wargaming.wot.blitz,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.igg.castleclash,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ea.game.pvzfree_row,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.igg.android.lordsmobile,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.maxgames.stickwarlegacy,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.supercell.clashroyale,GAME_STRATEGY,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
jp.ne.ibis.ibispaintx.app,ART_AND_DESIGN,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.lazada.android,SHOPPING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mercadolibre,SHOPPING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
club.fromfactory,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.shopee.id,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zzkko,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.schibsted.bomnegocio.androidApp,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.groupon,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.snapdeal.main,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.abtnprojects.ambatana,SHOPPING,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.flipkart.android,SHOPPING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mgc.RopeHero.ViceTown,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fungames.battletanksbeta,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.yodo1.crossyroad,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
fi.twomenandadog.zombiecatchers,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mobile.legends,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
org.ppsspp.ppsspp,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.glu.deerhunt2,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.vng.g6.a.zombie,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gta.real.gangster.crime,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftM5HM,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nekki.shadowfight,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fun.games.commando.black.shadow,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.chillingo.robberybobfree.android.row,GAME_ACTION,True,,818154
com.outfit7.movingeye.swampattack,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.appsomniacs.da2,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.miniclip.agar.io,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftGGHM,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
jpark.AOS5,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.outfit7.talkingtomgoldrun,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.playappking.busrush,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fdgentertainment.bananakong,GAME_ACTION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cocoplay.sweet.bakery,GAME_ROLE_PLAYING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fungames.flightpilot,GAME_ROLE_PLAYING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.solou.catendless.run,GAME_ROLE_PLAYING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nekki.shadowfight3,GAME_ROLE_PLAYING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jetstartgames.chess,GAME_BOARD,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dimcoms.checkers,GAME_BOARD,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.blacklightsw.ludo,GAME_BOARD,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ea.game.simcitymobile_row,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.i6.FlightSimulatorAirplane3D,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.giantssoftware.fs14,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mgc.miami.crime.simulator.two,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.knights.bikesstunt.motomaster,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.episodeinteractive.android.catalog,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
es.socialpoint.DragonCity,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zakg.scaryteacher.hellgame,GAME_SIMULATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ne.hdv,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nexstreaming.app.kinemasterfree,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.xvideostudio.videoeditor,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.motorola.MotGallery2,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,,
com.mobilemotion.dubsmash,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cyberlink.powerdirector.DRA140225_01,VIDEO_PLAYERS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gismart.realpianofree,GAME_MUSIC,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.orange.kidspiano.music.songs,GAME_MUSIC,True,,216
com.etermax.preguntados.lite,GAME_TRIVIA,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.badoo.mobile,DATING,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bti.myPiano,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s - targetSdkVersion not found in manifest,
com.djit.apps.stream,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.atpc,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.beatronik.djstudiodemo,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,True,,146
com.musixmatch.android.lyrify,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.anghami,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.smule.magicpiano,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jiubang.go.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,'Item not found.',
musicplayer.musicapps.music.mp3player,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
hr.podlanica,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,True,,69
com.gamestar.pianoperfect,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,,
com.nextradioapp.nextradio,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.musicplayer.music,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rubycell.pianisthd,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
bestSoftRocket.freeMp3Downloads,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,True,,88
com.bestringtonesapps.freeringtonesforandroid,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tencent.wesing,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.famousbluemedia.yokee,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
media.audioplayer.musicplayer,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zing.mp3,MUSIC_AND_AUDIO,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mobirix.fishinghook,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.pipacombate.maiworm,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.generagames.soccerstarleaguesfootball,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cg.tennis,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.miniclip.soccerstars,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nextwave.wcc2,SPORTS,True,,57
com.motionvolt.flipdiving,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nextwave.wcc_lt,SPORTS,True,,66
com.gameloft.android.ANMP.GloftR7HM,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
badminton.king.sportsgame.smash,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.miniclip.basketballstars,SPORTS,True,,49
com.ea.game.easportsufc_row,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dnddream.headsoccer.android,SPORTS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nhn.android.search,BOOKS_AND_REFERENCE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
org.iggymedia.periodtracker,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.myfitnesspal.android,HEALTH_AND_FITNESS,False,,
com.taxis99,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
sinet.startup.inDriver,MAPS_AND_NAVIGATION,True,,273
com.hulu.plus,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bt.bms,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
hu.tonuzaba.android,ENTERTAINMENT,True,,212
com.drink.water.fun,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jio.media.ondemand,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.fakecallgame,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.tubitv,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.detector.lie.game.prank,ENTERTAINMENT,True,,22
com.crack.screen.prank.bfun,ENTERTAINMENT,True,,26
net.mbc.shahid,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.valvesoftware.android.steam.community,ENTERTAINMENT,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.byjus.thelearningapp,EDUCATION,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.orangeapps.piratetreasure,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.easybrain.sudoku.android,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.kiragames.unblockmefree,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.smallgiantgames.empires,GAME_PUZZLE,True,,818
com.zeptolab.ctrexperiments.ads,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.matchington.mansion,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.peakgames.toonblast,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.BadPiggies,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.orbital.brainiton,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.king.bubblewitch3,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.easygame.marblelegend,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
air.com.sgn.cookiejam.gp,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.disney.frozensaga_goo,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.edujoy.Word_Search,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.sgn.pandapop.gp,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.JindoBlu.Antistress,GAME_PUZZLE,True,,35
com.bandagames.mpuzzle.gp,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.leodesol.games.classic.maze.labyrinth,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.bitmango.go.blockhexapuzzle,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.addswhilessuffers.binds,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.rovio.BadPiggiesHD,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.peakgames.amy,GAME_PUZZLE,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.vznavigator.Generic,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,,
com.oyo.consumer,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.makemytrip,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,True,,265
com.goibibo,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
mobi.wifi.toolbox,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.gojek.app,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.nhn.android.nmap,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.mapswithme.maps.pro,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
cris.org.in.prs.ima,TRAVEL_AND_LOCAL,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.vaibhavkalpe.android.khatabook,BUSINESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.meesho.supply,BUSINESS,True,,299
com.indiaBulls,BUSINESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.ubercab.driver,BUSINESS,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.til.timesnews,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,True,,475
in.AajTak.headlines,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.zinio.mobile.android.reader,NEWS_AND_MAGAZINES,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
br.com.brainweb.ifood,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.global.foodpanda.android,FOOD_AND_DRINK,False,%s does not exist for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.cyberlink.photodirector,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.km.cutpaste.util,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.dumplingsandwich.pencilsketch,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.magicv.airbrush,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.studio8apps.instasizenocrop,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
net.sourceforge.opencamera,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
com.jsdev.instasize,PHOTOGRAPHY,False,%s download unavailable for the given sdk_version: %s,
